i 'm sure he would have made more than num k a year .
" i 'll strand you in a mars prison "
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm german and i do n't know what to believe anymore .
til that the united states has an official language .
i 'm pretty sure this is true . i was born in the num s , and i have n't had any problems with prostate cancer .
i 'm pretty sure they own duracell .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
no , but i 'm pretty sure that was the joke .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
he 's also british , but he does n't have the same accent as nicholas cage
i 've been doing this for years now .
i 'm not sure what you mean by bitch ass rudolph
oh , it means comment that someone else wrote .
i 'm pretty sure he was the only one to get paid for that bet .
til that there is a frog that swallows its eggs and then gives birth to live frogs .
i 'm pretty sure he was a dick .
i 'm pretty sure that was the point of the movie .
they were married for num years .
i 'm num and i know more about the milky way than professional astronomers .
til that kangaroos are n't fart or burp .
til that calvin and hobbes are based on the philosophers john calvin and hobbes .
he also voiced the hobgoblin in the num ' s cartoon .
i just want to smile and mean it again .
he 's also the best player in the world cup qualifying .
i wish we could all get along like we used to in middle school .
i 'm pretty sure that the end of the dorsal fin is caused by the fact that they are n't in captivity .
he 's also a yale graduate .
i 'm sure he will be released in num .
i 'm not sure what you mean by uninitiated .
til that wilmer valderrama is still alive .
i 'm pretty sure the guy in this ad has a mouth .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment .
til that woolly mammoths are still alive .
til north korea is n't the only country in the world to have this kind of training .
i 'm from sa , and i do n't even know where to start .
i 'm pretty sure it was a mistake .
i 'm pretty sure you 'd be more likely to have nightmares on your own .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure the us is one of the few countries that has ever had a net gain in the number of trees .
i 'm not saying you should bang a num year old , just that it is n't the only chance i have of banging a num year old .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure they were talking about the gay cowboy idea .
sarcasm is not banned in north korea .
i 've been to both . it 's not that bad .
oh god , that 's awesome .
i 'm pretty sure the city num is called " city num " .
i 'm pretty sure that the movie was written in num weeks .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this song .
i 'm pretty sure trump has been photographed giving head pats to the people who have n't had a pet since num .
i 'm not sure what the hell you 're talking about .
i 'm pretty sure it was because they were trying to get the guy to look like a douche .
i 'm pretty sure that the world 's watermelons are made of wood .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case .
i 'm pretty sure the painting was sold at auction for num k .
i 'm german and i do n't know why you are being downvoted .
i do n't think you understand how litigation works .
i 've seen this documentary before . it 's amazing .
i 'm guessing the front is separated from the back .
i 'm italian and i do n't know what vaiana means .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm not scared of helicopter flying . i 'm scared of helicopter flying .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm pretty sure they 're the least concern of all animals .
i 'm pretty sure he had affairs with a number of women including an adventurer and a soviet spy .
til that i 'm not the only one who thought this was common knowledge .
i 'm not bitter , but i do n't mind bitter .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the plot of a movie .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what the goats are for .
i 'm english and i do n't know what you mean .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
til mercedez benz has won every russian gp .
i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted . it 's the same reason that time warner cable is called " spectrum " .
it 's a quote from the num ' s .
til that dolphins are n't even humans .
i 'm pretty sure that was the purpose of the screen burns .
i 'm pretty sure the num nd amendment is n't that bad .
i think it 's because they are n't the only ones who have hands .
xfiniti is n't the same as efx .
i do n't know why you are getting downvoted , this is the first time i 've heard of this .
i 'm pretty sure the beetle was made in germany during wwii .
i 'm pretty sure this is the same thing with chickens .
til that china is the only country where the suicide rate for men is higher than the rate for men .
i do n't think that 's true . he was also a vegetarian .
some things never change .
no , they pick peppers and ponder the perfect paragon of pepper picking post for producing powerful , perfect , pressed pepper pur e .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 'm pretty sure she looks like nicki minaj .
til that the maple leaf has no special significance .
i 'm not asking the government to take away more . i 'm asking the government to take away more .
i 'm not sure how to identify and treat cockroach bites .
til that the num nd cavalry regiment 's mascot was awol .
til that in num a sleuth of num bears besieged a platinum mining compound in the olympian district of northern kamchatka .
you should see what we gave up .
dolphins are dicks . they 're just as badass as you think .
i 'm not sure what the hell you 're talking about .
hulk hogan was the one to endorse it .
i 've played for num years and never needed to read sheet music .
i 'm pretty sure that is the case for most projectionists .
i 'm pretty sure she was elected in num .
til that ralph fiennes was a nazi .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
it 's a new york city .
til that caprolactam is the only chemical proven to cause cancer in humans .
i 'm pretty sure that was the reason he became a tennis pro .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
til that the demon core was actually a num kg subcritical mass of plutonium
he was also the first to reach japan .
i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . it 's not like the guy who shot his head was just trying to make sure that he did n't hit his head .
i 'm from yreka , and i have never heard of this place before .
poland is the best in history .
the drachma was used in the num th century as well .
he 's also a very good comedian , but i do n't think it 's fair to say that he is n't a polygot .
i 'm not saying it is n't one of them , just that the parents should be guilty for their actions .
i 'm pretty sure that was the first thing they did to get them out of new york .
i 'm not sure how to get scams , but i work at a telecommuting company and it 's pretty easy to get scams .
i 'm pretty sure david bowie was the one who invented the electric chair .
i 'm pretty sure it was used to mean enthusiasm or energy .
i do n't think you understand how the world works .
i 'm not sure how to get away with this .
i 'm in the same boat .
i 'm not sure , but i do n't think it 's correct .
heselden was a badass .
til that " no woman , no cry " is patois .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 've never seen an ejaculate .
he also wanted to make sure the counterfeiters understood the gravity of the situation .
i did . it 's the only thing i ever used .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the case for all mammals .
til that the british colonials used gin to cover the bitter taste of anti malarial quinine tonic .
til bonobos are n't just as bad as the chimps .
hey fellow yrekian ! ! !
i 've always wondered why the tortoise is so fast .
i 'm from tyrone , and i do n't even know what to call it .
he 's also a huge fan of the big bang theory
that 's a great video , thanks for sharing .
trump is a dumb cheeto ! the police are racist scumbags !
i 've always loved that episode .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num ' s .
a sith deals in absolutes .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm sure he did n't have to worry about it .
kentucky has dui plates ?
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm not sure why people are downvoting this . it 's like saying that the us government is n't allowed to do anything because they do n't want to be in the bathroom
i 'm pretty sure it protects against prostate cancer .
it 's not trivial , it 's just algebra .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the reason why they are n't known for being so big .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case for coca cola .
i 'm pretty sure the title of the book is " harry potter and bao zuolong " .
til warren buffet was a real person
i 'm not sure what you mean by transfer the responsibility to someone else .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not , but sim num has been around for quite some time now .
i 'm pretty sure the apples guy was bannanas .
i 'm not sure what that is , but it sounds like a rhythmic panting
i 'm from grand haven , mi and i do n't even know where to start .
i 'm pretty sure it was written in the num ' s .
i 'm from frostproof , florida and i have never heard of this town .
i 'm pretty sure that was the first thing i thought of when i read this .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've seen this post .
i 'm pretty sure the nazis did n't give a shit about prisoners .
i 'm num and i have no idea what you 're talking about .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the most superior milk you can buy .
i 'm pretty sure this is the plot of a movie .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this .
i 'm not sure how many people have seen this before .
swans can be gay .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've seen this posted .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've seen this reposted .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm surprised that it never became multiple countries .
i 've always wondered why they did n't do this .
i 'm pretty sure this is the case for all employees .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
eelings are n't that bad .
til sam kinison was killed by a drunk driver
i 'm pretty sure that was the plot of a movie .
til that jacqueline kennedy was a real person .
i read that too .
yea , but it 's not like they pronounce it that way .
a lot of trinidadians are from indian descent .
i 'm from texas and i do n't know about most of the us either .
he was also in the points num times in his career .
i 'm pretty sure that the soviets did this too .
til that there are more african americans in prison than the usa .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
i 'm not saying she 's a massive cunt , just that she 's a huge cunt .
" ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
i 'm pretty sure that was the plot of a movie .
i 'm pretty sure this is the plot of a movie .
i 'm pretty sure the tree that owns itself is owned by its offspring .
i 'm pretty sure this is true . i have parkinson 's and i do n't know why .
til that stanley kubrick 's " the shining " was nominated for worst director .
til hiroshima was bombed in num .
i 'm pretty sure that was the reason they did n't have water in la .
i 'm pretty sure jim abbott was born without a right hand .
i 'm not sure , but i do n't think it 's that much of a storyline .
i remember my grandparents buying me that game and thinking it was a great game .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
equifax is my favorite company .
i 'm pretty sure the king of france was just grazed by a bullet .
i 'm not getting banned .
i 'm pretty sure she did .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 've been waiting for this game to come out .
i 'm american and i do n't know what pizza comes to you .
he was a great scientist .
i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted .
i 'm not saying that the market is sacred , just that we are n't doing it right .
i 'm pretty sure she was pregnant in the hospital .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " plucked his eyes out "
i think it 's the furthest category from extinct .
i 'm pretty sure that the king james and duke george villers were related to the palace .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted . it 's true .
" i 'm not dead yet . "
i 'm not sure how this is relevant to the discussion .
til that the word " meme " was coined by richard dawkins to refer to ideas that spread and replicate in a darwinian fashion
i 'm pretty sure that 's the one .
i 'm pretty sure this is the same thing as how they are known to have identical quadruplets .
til that the northern elephant seals were thought to be extinct .
i 'm pretty sure that was the one .
i think it 's the best superman movie ever made .
i 'm pretty sure that this is the reason why we do n't have any laws against it .
i 'm not sure if this is the first time queen elizabeth celebrates num st .
no , it 's better to kill them .
" i 'll mess vis physics , but i do n't give a fuck . "
i 'm pretty sure that was the first time he had his right arm amputated .
i 'm pretty sure that the engine has gone smaller since num .
i 've never seen the word spontaneously ejaculated .
i do n't know why people like to give celebrities shit for taking jobs . i 'm not proud of anything .
til that carrie fisher is still alive .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
i 'm pretty sure that was the point .
i 'm pretty sure that num of germans are n't jewish .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
i 'm pretty sure there is no accepted difference between a lake and a pond .
til the pilgrim fathers were dutch .
he 's also a geologist .
i 'm pretty sure that this is the first time i 've heard of this .
i 'm pretty sure that was the reason he did n't do it .
i 've been waiting for this game to come out .
til that margaret wise brown was an asshole .
i 'm not sure , but i do n't know .
i 'm not sure why you are being downvoted .
i 've always wondered why they do n't label it as num sugar .
i do n't like it for cooking steaks .
i 'm pretty sure this is true .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what the song is about .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
i 'm sorry , but you are n't my mom .
edison was an asshole .
i 'm pretty sure they make good burgers .
i 'm pretty sure it 's just that the book is n't about depth , it 's about distance .
i 'm not saying he did n't . i 'm just saying that he was an asshole .
til that the word " plate armour " is used to refer to modern infantry soldiers .
i 'm pretty sure he hated the role of steve urkel .
he also led the defense against the germans .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but i remember watching the tonight show on netflix a few years ago .
i 'm not saying that he was n't a dick , just that he did n't care about his ass anyway .
i 'm pretty sure that the nazis were not dependent on gas masks .
i 've read articles about dolphins showing things to each other by recreating the echo that would bounce off of it .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm from zimbabwe and i have never heard of this before .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not , but michelini was struck by lightning twice .
i 'm not surprised . he was also in the num ' s , so i do n't think it 's fair to say that afton smith is n't an actor .
it 's not hypocritical , it 's just that they are n't allowed to kill animals .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not , but there is a scene where they eat pudding .
xkcd is n't the only thing that makes me want to watch it .
til that the word " meme " was coined by richard dawkins .
til that pitbulls are responsible for most of the fatal dog attacks in america in the past num years
it 's the shekel , not the shekel .
i 'm pretty sure the middle class is n't complaining about anything .
til that pornhub is owned by the same company .
i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . it 's not like she is n't feeling it at all .
i 'm not saying they should n't be . i 'm just saying that it is n't the same thing as efx .
i 'm pretty sure semen is n't the same as semen .
a plan , a panama .
i 'm pretty sure it was winnie the pooh .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the point .
he 'd probably be able to get his identity back in the first place .
he also had a tattoo on his arm .
oscars are n't the same as awards .
i 'm from the states and i do n't see any billboards in my state .
nth korea is the only country in the world that does n't have a problem with it .
he also invented the assembly line . it was created by henry ford .
i 'm pretty sure the helicopters are in middle earth .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
til that the us embassy in moscow is owned by russians .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here , but motorcycles are n't cheap .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 'm pretty sure he was on the podium for lotus .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in num .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the one .
til that the dalai lama is a real person .
i think you might like westworld .
i 'm pretty sure they would have to be taken prisoner if they had chutes .
he 's also an apple farmer in the us .
til that shaka zulu 's mother died in num .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
i 'm not saying it 's nuts , just that it 's the same thing .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the case in most countries .
i 'm from florida and i do n't think there is a big college football scene .
nicki minaj is n't trash , he 's just an asshole .
i 'm pretty sure whales are n't even remotely close to the same frequency .
i 'm pretty sure they are n't religious .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment .
til that queen is the only band in the world where every member has written at least num number ones .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the plot of a movie .
i 'm pretty sure the marines ordered hundreds of crates of tootsie rolls instead of mortar rounds
i 'm pretty sure it 's the only unit of measurement that is still based in a physical object .
i 'm pretty sure that the num th highest blood alcohol content is from poland .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure how this is relevant to the discussion .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure that was the name of the first one .
i 'm pretty sure that was the first time ayatollah khomeini saw his face on the moon .
til that bebop and rocksteady are the same person .
num nanoseconds ? that 's about num nanoseconds .
i 'm pretty sure the ticket was num today .
i 'm from yreka , and i always thought it meant north mountain .
i 'm pretty sure the navy is n't allowed to do that .
penn jillette is one of my favorite magicians .
i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted . it 's the only thing that makes me laugh .
i 'm pretty sure the album is n't metacritic .
i 'm pretty sure the president of the boy scouts is also the honorary president of the boy scouts of america .
i 've tried rabbit meat and it 's pretty good , but i do n't think it 's that bad .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say .
i 'm from california and i do n't know about that .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 'm pretty sure this is the plot of freddy got fingered .
til nicki minaj is a real person
i 'm pretty sure they would have been shot like buffalo .
i 'm not sure what you mean by anglo milk .
i 'm pretty sure this is what happens when you have sex with each other .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say .
i 'm pretty sure that was the first time horatio nelson died .
i 'm pretty sure the us military is run by people who were too stupid to get out after six years .
i 'm in the us and we have contactless cards .
nintendo is the worst .
i 'm pretty sure that the " pulling out " rate is because they are n't as effective as you think it is .
til bonobos are n't the only species that can be used to resolve conflict .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the chaser .
ian anderson is one of my favorite musicians .
i 'm sure he was the first to get a job as a usher at a porn theater .
i 'm not sure how to masturbate .
i think she was num years old .
ping pong balls ? i 'm not sure if you 're being serious .
i 'm from the middle of nowhere .
it 's british , not british .
i 'm pretty sure he knew how to party take care of his friends .
i 've been to the gowanus canal in brooklyn . it 's amazing how many people have seen this happen .
i 'm pretty sure that was the reason he did n't play dumb and dumber .
i remember when i thought slash was real
i 'm going to open an isp ... " yreka , anal snakery "
til that billie holiday was an asshole .
same here . i 've always wondered why it was pronounced " hut mull "
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 've never seen curb , but i have n't seen it in years .
i think it 's because they are n't the same person .
i 'm pretty sure that num of all known serial killers in the num th century were from the united states
til that the aztec empire was one of the first societies to have mandatory education for all children regardless of gender or rank .
i 'm not spunking in !
cointoss is a great game .
i 'm not sure what the hell you 're talking about .
i 've heard that it was used to treat cancers .
i 'd love to die twice .
til that pegging is the term for pegging .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the case for most people . it 's not like they are n't allowed to be promoted .
i 'm pretty sure that this is the first time i 've heard of this .
i 'm pretty sure the caddies in the masters were black .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
octopuses are n't the only ones .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
my sister died when i was num . that shit fucks me up for life .
i do n't know about that , but i think it 's pretty common for people to get milk at every meal .
he 's also the best scorer in the world cup .
it 's a historical emblem for hussard units .
i 'm pretty sure the raw eggs would be more like having a thick milkshake before attempting extreme metal vocals .
til margaret dickson was hanged .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
til gal gadot is an actor .
i remember playing this game when i was a kid . it was awesome .
til paris hilton is a woman .
he 's not a christian . he 's a christian .
i 'm pretty sure that the chocolate is made of chocolate , not chocolate .
i bet you 're the only one who thinks this is n't true .
i 'm pretty sure there are states that do n't have helmet laws .
i 'm not lying to myself , but i do n't think it 's that bad .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " s "
i 'm pretty sure she was the youngest bowler to ever bowl a perfect game .
no , it would be legal tender today .
gleeking is the most common form of sex in the world .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what the article says .
i 'm pretty sure the us has lower gdp than canada .
i 'm not sure what you mean by repeating it .
til john denver was an asshole .
i 'm not saying it is n't . i 'm just saying that the people who died in the black death were more likely to die in the first place .
i 'm pretty sure the difference between electric eels and other eels is that they are n't even in the same room .
thiefs are n't the same as thiefs .
i 've been to oceanic airlines for num years and never heard of it .
i 'm not saying it is n't . i 'm just saying that the idea of a drug being used to kill people in order to make sure they do n't have to be
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm from the netherlands and i have never heard of this name before .
i 'm pretty sure cocaine and alcohol have nearly identical rates of addiction .
i 'm pretty sure it 's about a young girl 's strange , erotic journey from milan to minsk .
i 'm mormon and i do n't believe in hell .
yep , and they 're still the only country in the world that has n't had visas for num years now .
i 'm pretty sure the japanese were just as badass as the americans .
i 'm not sure why this is so surprising .
til that the f num ' s are n't even remotely close to the same size as the f num .
i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted .
i 'm pretty sure she was also in st louis
i 'm pretty sure he dropped his last name because he thought it would be too big a " fuck you " to his dad .
i 'm pretty sure the us did n't have any nukes .
i 'm pretty sure that the movie was made in num .
i live in vegas and it 's hot fucking summers .
he 's not the poor guy .
i 'm pretty sure that was the match between henry and francis i of france .
i 'm not catholic , but i do n't think it 's fair to say that you are n't catholic .
i 'm pretty sure the us has no kill shelters .
til that the empire state building was built num years ago .
i 'm pretty sure the congoer is n't an actual congoer .
oh god , they 're organizing .
i 'm not sure , but i think it 's more of a question of how do they get groceries in nk ?
" if you can n't dazzle them with brilliance , baffle them with bullshit . "
i 'm pretty sure he got the whole can .
you sound like a shill for big children .
i 'm not sure , but i think it 's more of a reference to the " cl " thing .
i 've seen it on netflix , but i do n't know who pete is .
til sacha baron cohen is a real person .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but i remember watching the tonight show on netflix a few years ago .
i 'm pretty sure the romans loved silk so much that it was hurting the economy as well .
i 'm not sure why people are downvoting this . it 's like saying that the british were just trying to get rid of the irish , and they did n't want to
he was also the founder of the delorean motor company .
i 'm pretty sure that wernher von braun was the father of rocket technology .
and whales for that matter .
i 'm pretty sure they are made with peanut butter .
i 'm pretty sure that the dentist was also given new dentures .
he 's the captain for the most premier league title ever .
i 'm pretty sure that this is the case in australia . it 's not like they are n't native to australia .
i 'm not sure why they are n't the most winning team in the fa cup .
i 'm pretty sure the soviets were just trying to get rid of the silo hatches .
i 'm from the uk and i always thought it was spunk .
quantum entaglement is also the speed of light .
til that num men who have walked on the moon are alive today .
i 'm just here to pick up my free boat .
i 'm pretty sure the sea was angry that day , like an old man trying to send back soup in a soup .
i 've been to terre haute for num years and never heard of it .
i 'm american and i do n't know about you , but i have never heard of this before .
i 'm not surprised , but i thought about this movie when i saw it .
i 'm not sure if this is a reference or just a joke .
aipak is the word you 're looking for .
til matthew mcconaughey is num years old .
i 'm not sure what you mean .
sweden is n't the only country with guns .
i think it 's more that they are inspired by shitty characters .
i 'm pretty sure the f num is n't that expensive .
i 'm not sure what you mean by destroyed .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 've been to salter house and it was amazing .
i 'm not in here !
i 'm pretty sure that was the plot of the movie , not the story .
i 'm pretty sure that was the first time he got nobel prizes .
i 'm pretty sure that the movie was written by a guy who wrote the book .
i 'm not saying they should n't . i 'm just saying that it is n't the same thing as " in excess " .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
i 'm pretty sure they had a two child law .
i 'm pretty sure the catholic church is n't really a big fan of bunnies .
i remember watching this show as a kid . it was so good .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not , but randy was the best character in season num .
til that the infinity sign is also called the " lemniscate "
it 's on netflix . you can watch it anywhere .
i 've seen it on reddit about num times .
i 'm pretty sure she was going to star in a remake of holly holm .
i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . it 's true , he was famous for wearing a wig and having a big ass .
i 'm pretty sure that sheep was killed by a small boy .
i do n't think that 's true .
til that the paraplegic member of the burger king kids club was named wheels .
til that there is a lack of scientific evidence to support claims of aloe vera 's medicinal usefulness .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the only one who has seen them .
tatyana ali is from fresh prince .
i 'm pretty sure the romans had no idea that infanticide was considered a crime until the num th century .
i 'm pretty sure that was the first time charlie brown had ever seen it .
john prescott is the man .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i do n't think you understand what the word cunt means .
til that the soviets exhumed timur 's coffin .
i 'm pretty sure the movie was released in num .
no , it means that the usa is num at catching serial killers .
indiana jones is the best game ever made .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
we 're going to live !
til that beaver deceiver is a trapezoidal shaped culvert .
i think it 's about num feet tall .
i 'm from the south carolina area , and i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted .
my dad 's friend swears by his'cancer'diet as well .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm sure there was something interesting about it .
i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted .
til that the nazis were just as badass as you think .
i 'm in southern california too .
til there is enough water in lake superior to flood the entire landmasses of north and south america to a depth of num feet .
i 'm not sure , but i 'd like to see some of those clothes .
he also had a lot to do with the mongols , so he did n't discriminate .
i 'm not sure how to make this up .
tbf helicopters are scary as fuck .
i 'm not sure , but i would change it in red alert .
i 'm pretty sure it 's num times more shittier than what you 're used to .
i 'm so bad at remembering them .
i 'm not sure what the hell that is .
i 'm pretty sure that was the original dirty ho .
i 'm not sure that the buffet can handle what i bring to the table .
i 'm not sure how to explain why this is n't the top comment .
i 'm pretty sure keith 's bio is n't that bad .
i 'm pretty sure it would be called " alternative medicine " .
til that the olympics was held in num .
i 'm mexican and i love taco bell . it 's the only hot sauce i have ever had .
i 'm pretty sure that the catholic church is n't exactly a religion .
i 'd rather skate on the swastika .
he was also able to do the calculus in his head .
i 'm not saying it was n't ruled a suicide , just that the coroner and his family did n't commit suicide .
i think it 's just a thing from the num s to make fun of .
i 'm pretty sure the boy was shot with a crossbow .
i 'm french and a man of science .
i 'm not sure why you got downvoted . this is the first time i 've ever seen that video .
" i 'm not going to be able to see you again . "
i 'm pretty sure they do n't give a shit what someone 's religion is .
i 'm from houston and i have never heard of butane canisters .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
til that claude monet was an asshole .
i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted .
i 'm pretty sure that dog was named after him .
til that the county tyrone is a county tyrone
i 'm pretty sure that 's the plot of a movie .
i 'm not sure what the hell you 're talking about .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious .
i 'm sure he did n't have to go to jail for that .
i 'm not even sure what the hell that is , but it looks like arsene wenger has been playing for num years .
til that i 'm not the only one who thought this was common knowledge .
i am the senate .
a head full of zombies means being under the influence of marijuana .
i 'm not afraid of taking lsd . i 'm afraid of taking lsd .
i 'm from michigan , and i can confirm this .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure what you mean .
if the nets can go num num or better against the knicks this year , they will have the upper hand in the rivalry .
i 'm not sure why they boycotted israel .
til that " jaywalking " was slang for an inexperienced fool .
i 'm not sure why this is so surprising .
raccoons are n't poisonous , they 're just as badass animals .
i 'm pretty sure the us army would have been more likely to be able to do that .
i 'm not sure , but i think it 's more of a " solidity " than anything else .
i 'm pretty sure that is not true .
i 'm pretty sure it was originally an alcoholic whiskey drink .
i remember when this came out . it was the first thing i thought of when i read that .
i 'm from wisconsin and i can say " you son of a bitch " without doing it in his accent .
til that mae jemison is the first african american astronaut .
til that the sheffield was named after the city of sheffield .
til that the english word for cereal is " ceres " .
he 's num years old .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the case for all of them . they do n't have to be top notch at all .
i 'm pretty sure the book of genesis was written in num .
he 's not an arse , he 's a human being .
til that sandra bullock speaks fluent german .
i 'm pretty sure that is the reason why they are so social .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm pretty sure they are the only band that has ever been mocked relentlessly on " beavis and butthead " .
ncsa mosiac was the first webmail service to be released in num .
i 'm pretty sure the un is n't going to stop them from doing this .
i 'm num and i do n't even know what to believe anymore .
cleveland is n't even close to the largest city in the world .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
til michael biehn is a badass .
i 'm pretty sure the best boy is named after adolf hitler
november num th is the first time i 've heard this .
i 'm pretty sure bees are n't really powerful .
it 's not a fist fight , it 's a battle between the bear and the bear .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted .
i 'm pretty sure the usa is n't allowed to extradite roman polanksi .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that . the glass is n't half empty , it 's just a superposition of both full and empty .
til that the us government is n't going to give a shit about their own country .
i 'm num of the population still use it .
i 'm pretty sure she was the first person to be on star trek .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 've been swimming in the ocean for num years now .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the case in most countries .
i 'm pretty sure that was the plot of a movie .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " bad " .
i 'm not sure what you mean by insensitive policy .
i 'm pretty sure she was also the first to say " illinois is n't a capital city "
it 's incredibly heartbreaking to know .
nintendo is the only one that does n't like mods .
i 'm pretty sure that the bald eagles are n't endangered because they 're not native to the us .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm pretty sure this is the case for most psychologists .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted . it 's the same thing as spunk .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'd rather she not face me in a service roll if you follow me .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the same thing .
i 'm pretty sure they call it sunrise land .
til that clyde tombaugh was an astronaut .
i 'm pretty sure they share a border between the two countries .
til that the singing nun was a lesbian .
i 'm pretty sure the ottoman empire was lifted in num .
i 'm not saying he is n't adenophobic , just that he does n't have the ability to be an asshole .
we 've been discovered . everybody scatter !
i 'm pretty sure it was caesar 's first son .
i 'm pretty sure that the num ' s were used as highway patrol vehicles .
i 'm pretty sure that tippett is the only person who has ever seen jurassic park .
til bill nye is the science guy .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure vodka is n't the same as vodka .
london and donnol are two different things .
i 'm from new mexico , and i do n't even know what to say .
" i 'm going to drink my diet coke . "
i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted . nestle is the most evil and morally deprived corporation in existence .
jesus juice is a word that has been used for centuries .
i 'm from the us , and i do n't drink a gallon . it 's not like i 've ever had a gallon in my life .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here . oprah was a legitimate doctor who saved peoples lives .
it 's a bot , you know .
til raccoons are n't real .
i 'm pretty sure there are only num albums of him .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i do n't think you understand what hypocrisy means .
i 'm not surprised . perez is the best driver in the world , and he has never won a race .
i 'm pretty sure that historians believe the fate of christianity hinged on the battle of tours where an arab invasion was defeated by a frankish force in present day france
i thought it was implying that they killed them all .
i 'm pretty sure we have the bin chicken .
h r block is the most complex company in the world .
i 'm pretty sure this is what happens when you kill them .
he also proposed that people with iqs below num be paid to undergo eugenics .
til reindeer can see uv light .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment
kvlt is vegan , so kvlt is vegan .
i do n't think you understand how the world works .
he was also inspired by the emperor in return of the jedi .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted . it 's true , the us is n't as bad as the usa .
i 'm not sure how much of a difference it would be if the earth was so massive .
i 'm not sure why this is n't on the front page .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
i 've always wondered why people are so obsessed with the smell of food .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this happening .
he was a real jerk .
cowboy ass ? ! ? !
i 'm pretty sure that the tsar was just trying to get rid of the tsar .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
it 's a subreddit simulator .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that , but he was paid num hr to shovel dirt in the boiler room .
i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted .
bears and besieged ? that 's what i thought too .
i 'm pretty sure the last num is just a joke .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the same in english .
he was also planning on becoming a comedian and getting a law degree from harvard law in num .
i 'm guessing it was just a joke .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not , but this is the first time i 've heard of this before .
i read this as gilbert gottfried .
til that lurleen wallace was a badass .
til that the monkeys that were put through the infinite monkey theorem only produced num pages of text , smashed the keyboard with a stone and defecated and urinated on it
num ml is n't that much .
i 'm pretty sure genghis khan is also the male line ancestor of num of the world 's population .
i 'm pretty sure that the last time japan executed num people was num .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure how to explain why this is n't common knowledge .
i 've been to san marino for num years and never heard of this .
i 'm pretty sure it 's " everything 's okay with enough vodka "
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm pretty sure hitler was the only one who did n't care for him .
he was also the only member of the tennessee delegation to vote against it
rick and morty is one of my favorite movies .
i 'm pretty sure the new points system is n't that bad .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm sorry , i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted .
i 'm not saying they did n't have gays , just that they had no homosexuals .
greece is the hardest working country on the planet .
tahiti 's are n't the only ones that have been killed by english disease .
i 'm not sure about that , but in the us tap water is used as a source of water .
i 'm pretty sure he was asked why he starred in superman and he said " i can give you num million reasons why "
tel aviv is n't even close to the best city in the world .
i 'm guessing you did n't get a cat .
i 'm pretty sure it was removed in the num s .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm pretty sure that 's why they make so much money .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted . it 's funny that you think milk is bad for you , but it 's good for you .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the one .
he was also a staunch supporter of the democratic party .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not surprised . the show is so good .
i 'm pretty sure that william hung is also related to a num rd generation descendant of confucius .
monopoly is the best game ever .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " childish trash " .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
til i 'm not the only one who thought this was common knowledge .
i 'm pretty sure that the num year old is n't even in jurassic park .
i 'm pretty sure it was recorded num years ago .
til don mclean is an asshole
i 'm not sure how to get rid of the snakes .
i 'm having trouble finding the large breasted woman .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm pretty sure gandhi was obsessed with nuclear weapons .
i 'm pretty sure this is the same law in the usa . it 's illegal for women to leave at night , but they are n't planning to commit adultery
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
as an insurance agent , i advise everyone to never have kids . never .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the same song from titanic .
til that the daily planet is owned by bruce wayne .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
num : num : num : num
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm pretty sure the tortoise is n't in the num s .
i 'm pretty sure that the belgians are n't even allowed to drink beer in their schools .
he also thought that napoleon was a reincarnated roman soldier .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment .
i 'm sorry to hear that .
i 'm pretty sure this was the first citizen 's trip on the space shuttle .
i 'm from the us and i see it everywhere .
i 've always wondered why it 's called cobra spitting .
it 's a good show , but not as good as seinfeld .
ah , thanks for the clarification .
i 'm sorry , but that was the first thing i thought of when i read this .
i 'm not saying it 's impossible to blow out the side of your face , just that it 's possible to blow out the side of your face .
i 've seen two for the road , and it was amazing .
that 's a lot of leagues .
i do n't think you understand what she was doing .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but it 's also the best selling album of all time .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm not sure what the hell this guy is talking about .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm norwegian and i love turbonegro .
i 'm pretty sure the us has num of its electricity from renewable sources .
rudy gay is n't even close to being gay .
i 'm not sure what you mean by light .
soup and a sandwich ?
i 'm not sure what you mean by " best writings " .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this guy .
i 'm pretty sure this is true .
i 'm pretty sure that was the plot of the movie .
i 'm pretty sure the puns are n't really that bad .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted . it 's the same thing with sharks .
mexican here . we 're all working num hours a week .
i 'm pretty sure there were num million rabbit carcasses in australia .
i 'm not sure , but i think it 's more like " how surreal would it be to see ai inside of your simulation begin to talk about being in a
i 'm pretty sure the rfaap is n't classified as a military explosives plant .
i 'm pretty sure the driver side has just one window that opens and it 's on the drivers side .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment .
til that the pelican was originally named after the pelican .
til that the cassowary 's reputation for disemboweling or killing a human is due to local folklore .
i 'm pretty sure the fry cook was also a marine biologist .
i 'm pretty sure that was the plot of star trek num .
til japan is gay .
i 'm french and i can confirm this .
i 'm pretty sure the roman mile was defined as num paces .
i 'm sorry , but you are correct .
i 'm pretty sure that milk is n't as sweet as ice cream .
phil collins is also an honorary member of the hip hop group , bone thugs nharmony .
i 'm pretty sure he was also in a movie called bloodsport .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm pretty sure the canadians are n't allowed to shoot at num m . they 're allowed to shoot at num m .
i 'm pretty sure the stuntman was fired from his job after he fell over in the num lunch .
i 'm pretty sure that the us government is n't responsible for the deaths of millions of people .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
til that sunita williams was the first person to run a marathon in space , finishing num hours and num minutes on a treadmill .
i do n't think you understand how the world works .
til that the barcode was for a pack of juicy fruit in troy , ohio on june num , num
i 'm pretty sure the movie hall pass was made in num .
pepsi is a great company .
i 'm pretty sure the red cross is n't in use anymore .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i still use my hotmail account .
i 'm pretty sure the germans did n't want to surrender to the west .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of muzzammil hassan .
til that heather michele o'rourke is still alive .
he 's also in the simpsons episode of homer vs . lisa
i 'm not sure what you mean by mocking his triumph .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted . it 's a swimming pool , not a pool .
til that the greek god of fertility was an ass .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm from iceland and i have never heard of this before .
i 'm sure a lot of people do n't regret dying .
i 'm pretty sure that pilot inspektor is the name of his son .
til that the singer of peanut butter jelly time passed away during an eleven hour standoff with police even after snoop dogg tried to convince him to surrender .
i 'm pretty sure the usa invented flush toilets .
i 'm pretty sure the soviet union had this guy .
i 'm pretty sure the queen of england is n't part of the uk .
i do n't know if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 'm pretty sure the marines are n't as bad as you think .
i 'm not sure why they have that on their porch .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what the spear is for .
i 'm norwegian and i can confirm that donald duck is n't as cutesy and childish as traditional disney stuff .
i 'm not sure , but they are n't allowed to kill animals .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the rule .
i 'm pretty sure the us is n't allowed to do anything about it .
i 'm pretty sure that was the song , not the song .
i 'm pretty sure the title of this year is " holders curse " .
til that panda chi chi was sexually attracted to humans .
he 's also the co ed killer who killed his wife .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm from columbia , and i always thought it was the district of columbia .
gandhi is n't a real person .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
i 'm not sure , but it seems like they were built so high in the first place .
i 'm pretty sure you get more duties without the promotion .
he was also awarded the nobel peace prize for his leading role in the peace process .
i 'm colorblind and i have no idea what you 're talking about
i 'm pretty sure that 's the plot of game of thrones
i 'm pretty sure it was in high school .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
til william shatner is a real person .
i 'm not sure what you mean by strange looking .
i 'm pretty sure the clip is n't even in it .
i 'm pretty sure rocking chairs are n't really that bad .
it 's illegal to deny that the holocaust happened .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment .
no , it would be otto aquatic asphyxiation .
he was also in the num st movie of a trilogy .
i 'm pretty sure that was the guy who wrote this . it 's not like he did n't know what to do .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but barney rubble was voiced by the same guy who voiced elmer fudd .
pepsi is a great company .
i 'm not saying it 's the most lopsided rivalry , just that we have n't been in a long time .
i 'm pretty sure she did fend off anyone .
if you 're brave enough , you 're not a dildo .
i 'm pretty sure the silent generation has n't produced a single u . s . president .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the case in china .
it was a show about nothing .
i 'm pretty sure that the movie was made in num .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of alexander graham bell 's voice .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure that was the reason they were used in the dark .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
i 've never seen the backstroke of the west .
that 's a pretty good chart .
i 've been using pseudoephedrine for years now . it 's not like i 'm going to take it anymore .
i 'm from kentucky and i do n't even know what to believe anymore .
i 'm not insulting you , but i think it 's more of a joke than a joke .
til penn jillette is an asshole .
i 've never heard anything about the ginger and boots .
i 'm pretty sure the indian custom of burning widows on their funeral pyre was made up by the british .
til that mel gibson is jewish .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " killed himself " .
vettel is the best sportsman in the world .
i 'm pretty sure the us government will honor all money produced by the united states since num .
i 'm sorry , but what is the point of this comment ?
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted . the allianz is n't in the group stages , it 's just that they are n't going to get third .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the same sodium as dasani .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
til that the north pole is h num h
til that the aboriginal version of lacrosse was played on a num ft long field .
i 'm pretty sure this is the plot of a movie .
til shirley temple was a child actress .
he was also buried with his snooker cues .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm pretty sure that messier would still be number num without a single goal scored .
i 'm not your brother .
i 'm not saying it 's not a meal , just that it is n't a meal .
the king is helpless .
i 'm sure it would have been a crazy headline .
i 'm pretty sure kimi was the only driver to win one race .
chiquita is the only fruit company in the world that has n't been around for num years .
til that mohammad mosaddegh was a real person .
i 'm pretty sure that was the num rd time this year .
i 'm pretty sure noah was the first drunk to get naked in his tent .
til that africanized honey bees exist in the americas because one guy messed up his wife .
i read it as windows instead of widows .
til queen elizabeth ii is a mechanic .
til that the eagles are n't real .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the same thing .
he also graduated from ringling brothers and barnum bailey clown college .
texas is the only state in the world that has ever had a panhandle .
i 'm not surprised . i have n't read fifty shades of grey in years .
i 'm pretty sure it 's just a dating service .
i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . it 's not like people are n't aware of this .
i 'm pretty sure it was num years ago .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this guy .
i do n't think it 's that surprising .
i 'm pretty sure you 're not the only one who thinks that he is n't fat .
i 'm not surprised . i saw this movie in theaters for the first time last year and it was amazing .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
because he 's dead . it 's not like he 's alive .
i 'm pretty sure the regulars are coming out of massachusetts .
i 'm pretty sure he died in the num s .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
i 'm from toronto , and i have no idea what you 're talking about .
i 'm not saying it 's better than the finale , just that it 's more of a joke .
he was also a nazi .
i 'm pretty sure that oreos are more addictive than cocaine .
i 've seen this movie before , and it 's not even that bad .
i 'm pretty sure that was pete best , the drummer for the beatles .
i 've never seen one in germany .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm going to go for the eyes !
shadows of amn is my favorite game .
i 'm pretty sure they had co processors .
i 'm pretty sure it converts to butt feet
i 'm pretty sure the movie was made for num million .
no , but i 'm pretty sure it 's the same thing .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the same thing .
i 'm not sure if it would be ridiculous .
i 'm pretty sure speed num was the best movie ever made .
i 've been to denver international airports and they have a secret illuminati base under the airport .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
he was so underrated , but not too much .
til that the japanese are n't as badass as they used to be .
" i 'll make my own field of theoretical physics ! with blackjack and quantum mechanics ! "
i 'm pretty sure that the soviet union killed num million people by policy decisions .
til that richard ii of england is related to richard ii .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " weirdest " .
i 've never seen that movie .
i 'm pretty sure you can get unlimited quotas for num month .
i 'm pretty sure the american dream is n't that bad .
i 'm sure he was given as little as num days to live .
i 'm not promoted , but i 'm pretty sure you 're the one who gets promoted .
i 'm not baiting . i just do n't know what to say .
i 'm pretty sure he came up with an original idea .
til that the von trapp family is still alive .
he was the last english manager to finish in the top num .
you 're such a taurus .
i 'm not surprised . i have been using it for years now , but i do n't think it 's going to be the same as chip technology .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've seen this on reddit .
i 'm pretty sure he was just trying to get rid of the pancreatic issues .
antonio conte would be the num th manager to win the premier league .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted . seamen was the first ship to have been in service for num years .
i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of gagarin before .
i 'm pretty sure that was the first season of the show .
i 'm pretty sure this is the plot of a movie .
i 'm pretty sure that this is the reason why i do n't play it .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted .
el yucateco ya wimp
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the same song that made me laugh .
til that the cameraman who videotaped the station nightclub fire was there to film a planned segment on nightclub safety .
i 'm pretty sure it was the cancer that started under his toenail .
i 'm not sure if it 's worth playing , but the original was pretty good .
chuck klosterman is a genius .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the one where they pull it off .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
i 'm pretty sure that was the plot of a movie .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
i 'm sorry , but that is the most beautiful thing i 've ever seen .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious .
i 've been to the same concert . it was amazing .
adolf hitler was the man of the year in num .
til that warren beatty was married to julie christie .
til that eugene shoemaker is the only man on the moon .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say .
i 'm pretty sure that was the code they created and voted on .
i 've always wondered why they did n't use the name " screen burn in " .
i 'm pretty sure it means the baby is fussy or just cries .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in num .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm not sure what you are trying to say here .
there 's a movie in here too .
no , it 's just that the book is n't really about depth .
i 'm sure it was donated to the simpsons .
til that the owner of the anne frank house was an asshole .
til that ravens are the only animals capable of linguistic displacement .
i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to be rude .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num th century .
i 'm pretty sure the nazis were just as bad as the jews .
i 'm pretty sure the us postal service is n't even remotely close to being able to deliver mail from new jersey .
i 'm not sure what the hell you 're talking about .
i 'm pretty sure he 's the kind of person that is good at heart .
i 've always wondered why the tortoise is so fast .
i 've heard it because my phone is always on silent , but i know it 's there .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but i think it 's interesting that he had an ongoing sexual relationship with a mentally disturbed num year old boy
i 'm pretty sure that was the first thing he said .
i 'm pretty sure the us uses the metric system , and there are countries that have gone to the moon .
i 'm pretty sure that the universe will be infinitely more dense than it is now .
tom hanks is the only one we 'd have to avenge with .
i 'm pretty sure that 's not true .
i 'm pretty sure that the bears were so feared and respected by native americans that hunting them required a company of num to num warriors to be done with the
til carl sagan is an atheist .
til that barry sadler was a badass .
i 'm pretty sure the pepper pickers are n't used by hand .
r spacedicks is leaking again .
i 'm from ohio and i do n't even know what to say about this .
i 'm pretty sure the bank of england has an inflation calculator that goes all the way to num .
i 'm pretty sure they were the first raid encounters .
i 'm not sure why you are getting downvoted . this is the first time i 've ever seen it mentioned on reddit .
til that the red ryder bb gun is still being manufactured .
til that the dog was named smelaya
i 'm pretty sure the uss texas is n't even in the us .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure they call alternative medicine that is n't proven to work .
it 's not a lie , it 's a fact .
i 'm not the prince of darkness .
that 's a great video , thanks for sharing .
i 'm not saying that they are n't capable of communicating the location and distance of their species , just that they can communicate the location and distance between them .
he was also in the transformers movies .
til that john adams was born in num .
til that the nation of islam is a race of devils
i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted .
i 'm pretty sure elephants are capable of swimming .
arrows are n't the same as spears .
i 've never seen that movie , but i have n't seen it in years .
i 'm pretty sure they are n't heroes in the past .
or " american serial killers caught at num times the rate of other countries "
til that beanie babies are n't real .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the same thing .
i 'm pretty sure that 's not true at all .
til that led zeppelin singers are n't real
santa 's sleigh is the best !
i 've seen the house that it was terrible .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
til that charon was named after james w . christy .
i 'm english and i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted .
i 'm not sure why this is so surprising .
i 'm pretty sure it 's true .
i 'm pretty sure it was originally designed to contain html .
i 'm pretty sure dolphins are n't as bad as dolphins .
i 'm pretty sure they are n't big over there .
donald duck is the shit .
i 'm from marquette , mi and i can n't see canada .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but i remember reading that in the book " there 's a snake in my boot "
i 'm pretty sure that 's the joke .
til anne heche is an asshole .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the one where she looks like a num year old girl .
til that madonna was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame before genesis , kiss , kiss , kiss , kiss , cat stevens and the electric light
i 'm not sure what the hell this is about , but i do n't think it 's fair to say that people who avoid making eye contact should be guilty of
millennials are the next great generation .
i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted . the us police forces are n't incompetent to realize there were serial killers in their country .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say .
i 've met multiple women who like that . they are n't garbage employees .
til margaret thatcher was a nazi .
he also converted to judaism and became a rabbi .
i 'm pretty sure the germans are n't allowed to kill vertebrates .
donald duck is a pretty cool guy .
i 'm pretty sure the word " angler " was invented in num .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this .
i 'm not sure why this is so surprising . saddam was the first to be married to his first cousin .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the same thing with mustard .
i 'm guessing it 's because they are n't the same as raw eggs .
i 'm pretty sure the caduceus symbol is also used by many american medical companies .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
pepsi was the first to advertise directly to african americans .
i 'm not joking . i 'm just trying to be funny . it 's like saying " woo hoo , i 'm behind you ! "
i 'm sure they would have been better off with the name " do n't be a fagot " .
my dog gave birth to num puppies a day . the next day there were num puppies .
i do n't think you understand what " modern " means .
i 'm not sure why you got downvoted . this is the first time i 've ever seen that video .
i 'm pretty sure that was the name of the engine , not the engine .
til chlorine trifluoride is not the same as oxygen .
as a brit , i can n't think of any other use of the word .
i 'm pretty sure the civil war was in num .
til that tycho brahe was a real person .
i do n't think you understand what depression is .
i 'm pretty sure that was lea thompson .
i 'm pretty sure that the earth is n't going to be able to see it .
i 'm pretty sure that 's because you are n't weird guys with long hair .
he was also the last known survivor of the atlantic slave trade .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
it 's a great movie , but the weatherman is one of my favorite movies .
i 'm pretty sure pitbulls and rotties are shitty people attracted to them .
it 's been num minutes .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but i think sheen was the best choice for that role .
i 'm not sure how to get this information from the article .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm pretty sure that tolkien was born in the num ' s .
i 'm not even sure what to think of that .
" i 'm not going to be able to do that ! "
i 'm pretty sure they had an episode where someone reads a book to themselves for num minutes .
i 'm pretty sure bioware still makes great games .
it 's a shame more people have n't learned from the mistakes of pre ww num germany .
i 'm pretty sure it 's more about the fact that osama was killed by bin laden .
i 've never seen that movie , but i have n't seen it .
i 'm pretty sure he was just trying to make the music for himself . it 's not like he did n't want to do it .
i 'm from honduras and i have never heard of this before .
i 've been to the simpsons house for num years . it 's beautiful .
i 've never been able to understand the love of south park , but i have n't seen it in years .
i 'm from the uk and i always thought it meant semen .
i 'm not sure why people are downvoting this . it 's like saying " if you do n't know what to do , you can n't just say that . "
i 'm not mad at the government , but it is n't like they are trying to get rid of the drug industry .
i 'm over here with a num character password .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm num and i have n't had any problems with my data plan since i was num .
he 's not a child molester .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
til that the most common name in the world is muhammad .
i 'm not freaking out .
i remember watching this on netflix . it was amazing .
i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . it 's not michael caine .
til that the greek origin of " idiot " was used to mean someone who did n't participate in politics and public affairs .
i 'm not sure what the hell you 're talking about .
i 've had cataract surgery for years and never seen it .
til that the inventor of tang was also an astronaut .
i 've been to denmark , and the pins are n't contactless .
i 'm not overdue for another purge !
i 'm pretty sure the portuguese had slaves too .
i 've been playing this game for num years now . it 's so much better than the original .
i think it 's more related to the congo con where the other person was cosplaying as amy .
i 'm pretty sure that the law was changed to num kids max .
i 've never heard of this before .
hawaii was not a state of the us .
cnn : u krabsykrabs proposes another plague to solve our problems .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " one man war " .
num ' num " .
antz is the best movie .
i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to be rude .
i 'm not sure what you mean by woodcuts .
til that the common " save " icon is a depiction of an obsolete external writable storage device called a floppy disk .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not , but i do n't think that was the case .
til that ransom e olds is the inventor of assembly line .
i 'm pretty sure that the candy industry is n't going to be extending the us .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here , but it sounds like they should tell the world how they solved homelessness .
i 'm pretty sure the pyramid was designed to encourage more milk and cheese consumption .
i 'm sorry . i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the protein water that makes me want to drink it .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
til that woolly mammoths survived on an island in num bc .
i 'm not the only one who thinks that redheads are more sensitive to thermal pain .
i 'm pretty sure that the thumbnail is a picture of a man 's parking space .
i 'm pretty sure that the french president died from a blow job in num .
i 'm pretty sure the obsidian blades are n't really brittle .
i 'm pretty sure that was the last words of his men .
gilbert and sullivan are both pretty good actors .
edison was an anti ac campaign .
til that paul bunyan is the birthplace of american folklore
i 'm not sure why this is surprising . i think it 's funny that he did n't want his kids to see him drinking alcohol .
i 'm jewish and i can n't press the buttons on the sabbath .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i read it as morgan freeman .
i 'm pretty sure that was the plot of a movie .
he did it too .
i 'm from lajitas , and i can confirm this .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this guy .
adam sandler is the only one who 's ever made it to the front page .
i 'm not sure why this is being downvoted .
i 'm pretty sure that the motion sensor will turn on a light .
i 'm not sure what you mean by great eagle .
i 've been to the rotterdam zoo and it smells like marijuana .
i 'm pretty sure it 's going to be a referendum on the num th of july .
i 've never seen the old superman series , but i have n't seen any of them .
the cia is n't bad news , it 's just that they do n't want to be assassinated .
i do n't know , but i think it 's more of a " life begins at conception " than a " life starts at conception " .
huffy is the best company in the world .
i think it 's because they do n't want to kill animals .
i 'm not sure what you mean .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what the tiger repellant rock is for .
i 'm pretty sure that the navy is n't going to be harassed by the navy .
the chinese have a saying : the single raindrop never feels responsible for the flood .
i 'm pretty sure that was the only reason he got knighted .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
til that the boy who cried wolf was born in num .
i 'm sleeping and only on the inside of my mouth .
i do n't have chip cards in the us .
i 'd expect her to do something like that .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 'm pretty sure the french were just as badass as the french .
nasa also used the best of the best pilots .
i 'm pretty sure the bristles burst into flames .
a group of ferrets is called a business .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the same thing . you can n't just say " a lot of conflict has been lost b c of technology "
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm pretty sure that was the joke .
num : num suicide supreme tees friend
i 'm pretty sure that 's the case for most of the non soup parts
i 'm pretty sure the republican party is n't that big of a deal .
he killed num people with two bullets .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted . it 's the same thing as " kill it before it gets big " .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm pretty sure the emperor of japan was also very young .
i 'd stick with " loose lips " , just a different set
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " strictly scientifical " .
til that aeschylus was an ancient greek poet .
i 'm from lancashire and i can confirm this .
i 'm pretty sure that was the reason .
i do n't think you understand what the word " illusion " means .
mcdonald 's is the real estate giant .
i 'm from bray , fl and i have never heard of this restaurant before .
i 'm not saying she would n't be a civil suit , but it would be hard to win a civil suit .
tesla was a genius .
i 'm not sure , but it 's a good one .
louisiana is the capital of the world .
i 'm not sure what you mean by memes .
karl the fog is my favorite name .
he was anglo saxon , and the confessor was anglo saxon .
i 'm pretty sure they were the same size as tyrannosaurus arms .
i 'm pretty sure the usbekestani is n't even that bad .
i 'm pretty sure the usa is n't going to be afraid of it .
i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted .
i 'm pretty sure that the guy who wrote this article was also an asshole , but i do n't think it 's true .
i 've been to the simpsons house and it was amazing .
i remember the river raid .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
yoda 's style is also maintained in the movie , where it is grammatically correct .
stan is the only one who won a tournament where all of the big four competed .
i 'm not offended by the caricature .
i 've read that book . it 's pretty good .
texas is also the largest state in the world .
he 's not the best goal scorer . he 's the worst goal scorer .
i 'm mexican and i love frijolero .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not , but i have n't .
i remember that episode .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this guy .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this .
i 'd be relaxed too if i drank a fifth of vodka every day .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here , but the guy on the far right is actually showing the technique .
til that the comic sans font is based on the lettering from the dark knight returns and watchmen .
til that jeffrey katzenberg was denied the position of president at disney , and stealing their idea to start dreamworks .
he 's num , but he 's still around .
i 'm sorry to hear that .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
as a num year old and a num year old , i 'm glad to hear that .
oshkosh and wisconsin are the only ones who have n't been to wisconsin .
i hated that movie .
belgium : the french revolution .
i 'm pretty sure they are n't the best predators , but they can kill and eat helpless humans .
fema trailers are n't toxic levels of formaldehyde .
til that the stapler was made in the num th century for king lioux xv and each staple was inscribed with the royal court .
i read that book as well . it 's one of my favorite books .
i think it 's just that the movie is n't perfect .
he also retired from the gp in num .
i 'm going to ask about this too .
i 'm pretty sure that the big toe was also used as a standard of beauty .
til that oprah was born to a single mother .
i 've been to d . c . a few times , and i can confirm this .
i 'm pretty sure they are n't the only amphibians to reproduce via mitosis .
i 'm pretty sure that nauru is the most overweight country in the world .
i 'm pretty sure that was the documentary .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
he 's also the only actor who can take every script he 's given .
no , it 's because the state of oregon is part of the united states .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not , but valentina is pretty good .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
bruce was the best part of that show .
til that honey bees are n't really the same thing as honey bees .
til sam kinison is still alive .
i 'm pretty sure the liberals are n't trying to justify taking away our freedoms .
i 'm not sure why this is so surprising .
the all seeing , all knowing god did n't know where adam was hiding , so there 's that .
i 'm not even sure what this is about .
i 'm pretty sure italy is the largest economy in the world .
i 'm pretty sure that the japanese were just as badass as the us army .
i 've always wondered why the word " chmpo " was used in english . it 's like saying " to press , knead and soothe "
i 'm not sure what you mean .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " problem solved " .
no , but i do want the planet of the octopus .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
til that the african clawed frog was actually a thing .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the only way to make it happen .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but michael jackson was the man .
he was right , but i 'm not sure what you mean by " right " .
til dave chappelle was offered the role of bubba in forrest gump
i 'm american and i say " you got a lot of spunk kid "
i 'm pretty sure the house was valued at num k .
i 'm sure it was caused by the filming of stalker .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm not sure what the point of this post is .
that 's a lot of tentacles
i 'm not sure if this will be the case , but i do n't think he 's going to defend it .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment
" ah , the royal majesty , your royal majesty , those barbaric tribes had attacked us and stole all our screws . that 's why it took us so long
i 'm not sure what the implications of this comment are .
i 'm num and i have n't eaten a whole pizza in years .
til that cartman is gay .
i 'm pretty sure steve jobs died from cancer .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but i remember reading somewhere that rodrguez was the first mexican driver to win the national anthem .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure it 's num gallons .
i 'm pretty sure the movie was made in num .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the one where they are laughing at salads .
til that kyoto is the capital of japan .
i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . it 's like saying " i can n't sleep on the george forman grill , but i can wake up to the smell of
i 'm pretty sure that was the reason he made such a big deal about it .
til hitler was a nazi .
no , it was for the movie .
i can n't tell if you 're trolling or not .
til that the hairy frog is known as the " wolverine frog " because it 's thought to break its toe bones to force sharp claws through its flesh
i 've seen nothing , in num years they will speak of what hitler was .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the same song as " in the air tonight " .
i do n't think you can do baptisms .
i 'm pretty sure that this data is n't true .
i 'm pretty sure he was like a relaxed guy .
til christopher reeves was in the hospital for a spinal fracture waiting to undergo surgery with only a num chance of success .
i 'm pretty sure the writers of futurama were also well known for their work in the simpsons .
i 'm pretty sure the uss constitution was launched in num .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not , but in the us it goes ground .
i 'm pretty sure that jason statham was the first person to get into diving .
" i 'm not the only one who thinks that eel is an asshole . "
i 'm from hamburg and i always thought it was called a burger .
sexcodin is n't the same as heroin .
i 'm not sure what the price of that house is , but it 's worth num .
i 'm not sure how to feel about this .
i 'm not sure what you mean by mass shooting .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " solution " .
i 'm not anti vaxers . i 'm anti vaxers .
til that diogenes was an asshole .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what happened .
i 'm pretty sure that was a real last name to throw .
" i 'm not hot , i 'm hot . "
i 'm not sure what you mean by adults .
i 'm pretty sure steve jobs was right .
i 'm pretty sure the usa had a coordinated police force .
i 'm pretty sure that was the name of the family , not the family .
til coelacanths are extinct .
i 'm pretty sure this is the case in most states .
my first name is echidna .
i 'm not saying it does n't . i 'm just saying that the tortoise and the hare are n't really related to each other .
i 'm from east stl , and i do n't even know what to believe anymore .
i 'm pretty sure it 's not " spiritual rape " .
i 'm pretty sure the center of gravity is closer to the sun than it is to the sun .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this .
he was in politics for the most part .
til that thomas jefferson and john adams died on july num th num .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here , but this is the first time i 've ever heard of that .
til elvis and his entourage were friends .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what you get when you lift your butt .
til dolphins are n't assholes .
i 'm pretty sure the average apple has a weight force of num newtons .
til that buddy holly was an asshole .
i 'm pretty sure that the vietnamese are n't even american .
i 'm pretty sure they made a video game that was based on the animated movie .
i 'm pretty sure he beat the num metre long record .
i 'm not sure what you mean by late term abortion .
i 've read that book . it 's not about what would have happened if the black death had n't killed num of europe .
rossi was the first to finish the season with the same points .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what the dolphins are for .
i 've read about him before , but i do n't think he was depraved .
i 'm pretty sure tobias funk was the only one who did n't have a problem with prison warden .
it 's a pun on " hi fi " .
i 'm pretty sure the british dollar is still in use .
i 'm pretty sure pete is n't the only one who thinks it 's funny .
she 's the best selling female music artist of all time .
til canada is the first country to adopt multiculturalism as an official policy .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here . jurassic park is the best blend of practical and digital effects .
i 'm having flashbacks to star wars prequels .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " insanely alcohol addled " .
i 've always wondered why the spanish version was " sayonara , baby "
california is the only place that has dialects and cultural differences .
til that the vatican has official diplomatic relationships with the roc .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time that i 've ever heard of death anxiety .
i wear sunglasses at night .
i 'm not surprised . manchester united have the most draws in a single premier league season .
i 'm pretty sure the reds won num games against the globetrotters .
i 'm pretty sure the japanese police do n't report a ton of crime .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this .
i 'm pretty sure the first enigma machine was captured by the british .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i do n't know their lingo .
i 'm pretty sure that was the reason they were so popular .
i 'm from portuguese and i always thought it was the orange fruit .
i 'm sure he was the only one who owned all of egypt .
a num th hole !
i 've been to france .
i 'm not sure what the loophole is .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this guy .
i 've always wondered why they were called moonquakes .
i 've never had apple butter , but i love it .
i 'm from new zealand and i can confirm this .
i 'm pretty sure that was the one with the shitty cgi .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " easy " .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " obligatory chocolate " .
i 'm pretty sure she was num when she was num .
oh my god , you never want your pancreas level to be more than num !
i 'm not surprised . i bought lingerie for my wife , and it was the only thing that made me feel embarrassed .
or maybe it 's more important to promote higher based on actual ability rather than qualification .
i 'm pretty sure we never learnt his name either .
i read the article , but it 's not like she was being assaulted .
she 's hot , but not hot .
he was also very progressive .
it 's like putting a smart person in a small cell .
i 'm pretty sure the british pound is n't as bad as the british pound .
til cartman 's mom is named after liane .
he was also the only one to have been president of nauru .
i 'm from texas and i do n't even know what to do with this .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've seen this posted .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what the link is for .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the same as " man bear snowman "
or eat your snickers bar with a knife and fork .
i 'm pretty sure the details of what happened to his body were in the first recorded recording of the event .
i 'm not even sure what the hell this is about .
til that the dutch hired japanese mercenaries to kill num people .
til that the word " magnet " is named after a region in greece .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment .
helen lewis is an english journalist .
i 'm pretty sure they were considered extinct in the num ' s .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case for panzer num .
i 'm pretty sure the uss nicholas was also a pirate ship .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure that the honeypot was invented in num .
i 've been to bohemian grove for num years and it was amazing .
i 'm pretty sure that jake elliot is tied with janikowski , justin tucker and greg zuerlein .
i feel like a woman music video was a role reversal of robert palmer 's addicted to love .
i 'm pretty sure the germans would have let them have it if they had won .
i 'm pretty sure this is the plot of a movie .
i 'd love to sample what beer was like back then .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num ' s .
i 'm pretty sure that this is the reason why dandelions are so popular .
i 'm not sure what you mean by top scorer .
california is the only place where women are allowed to be prostitutes .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
tithes num . rent plane num . rent plane num . profit !
num k d is n't noob numbers .
otto sounds like a hellraiser .
tedx talks can be organized and presented by anyone , with no verification .
i 'm not the only one who thinks sallie mae is an asshole .
ace and handy dan are the same company .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure that the catholic church is n't really a religious organization .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " slowed the rotation of the earth " .
the huskies were also in the division num years before the raptors .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 've never played the sequel , but i have n't played it in years .
til martin sheen is num years old .
it 's a terrible away trip .
til george washington was an asshole .
i 'm pretty sure that 's how liberty dies .
" i 'm going to go home ! "
she 's num , and she 's still alive .
i 'm pretty sure that the japanese kamikaze pilots were also allowed to return if they did n't find a suitable target .
i 'm pretty sure it was more important to enjoy the date and whether or not they would sleep with them .
i 'm not sure why you are getting downvoted . this is the first time i 've heard of this .
i 'm pretty sure he was the only one who got it .
til that the soviet union boycotted the ussr .
til that the kellogg brothers were obsessed with masturbating and not masturbating .
octopuses live longer than num years .
i 'm not sure what you mean , but i do n't think it 's difficult to learn the language .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm the only person who liked scrappy doo .
i 'm pretty sure that the bible is n't about to change anything .
til that the lyrics to " rocket man " are meant to be taken literally and it is about a mars bound astronaut leaving his family to do his job
i 've read this book before . it 's not that bad .
i 'm pretty sure you know one murdered an elephant and the other did .
i 'm not sure what you mean by faint of heart .
i 'm not sure how deep it is .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm pretty sure she was also called " half hangit maggie " in the num s .
lord of war is also a great movie .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment .
i 'm not sure how much money they spent on drugs .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
that we know of .
i think it 's the difference between killing people and killing them .
i 'm pretty sure she 's hot , but i do n't think it 's that surprising .
i 'm pretty sure it 's common in the us .
plato was also a great wrestler .
i 've read that book a few times . it 's really good .
i 've been to cuyahoga river , and it 's amazing how many people have n't heard of this .
i never double dip .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the same as decimeters .
til that the aztec god of war was often depicted as a hummingbird .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted . arsenal is the best team in the premier league .
i 'd regret my own death too .
king abdullah ii of jordon ?
i think it 's more that they want to have a chance of getting vaccines .
til that the seven wonders of the ancient world existed for less than num years .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted .
til that the mongols catapulted corpses over the city walls to infect the inhabitants .
til that the beatles song was inspired by two monkeys having sex in the middle of a street in india .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the case for most of the city .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but i remember watching it in theaters when i was a kid .
i do n't think you understand what the difference between " suffering brought them closer to god " and " suffering brought them closer to god "
i 've never seen a water ad where the person drinking was n't missing their mouth .
no , it 's not like they are n't allowed to do that anymore .
i 'm not saying that the black death is n't a good thing , but it does make sense to have num kids .
he was also a dick .
i 'm pretty sure this study was published in num .
i 'm from the us and i do n't even know why people use commas .
jesus is also a muslim prophet .
i 'm pretty sure diogenes was the only one who thought of this .
i 'm pretty sure it was the num ' s show .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
i thought it was " unwanted house fire " .
i 've had this condition for years . it 's not like i 'm the only one who thinks i 'm going to get skin cancer .
he 's also the best player in the world .
til that mother teresa was an asshole .
i 'm pretty sure the room num was where they torture people with their own phobia .
i 'm pretty sure the population of ireland is num million .
i think they should have shortened it to anglo swiss milk company .
i 'm num and i do n't understand this reference .
i 'm num and i do n't have friends .
i 've been to salt lake city for num years and never heard of this .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm pretty sure that was the first movie to be released in theaters .
tyrion is supposed to be num , but the moon door is n't in the floor .
i 'm pretty sure they used to sell guns as camping gear .
i 'm not sure if you 're serious or not .
i 've been to lambeau field for num years . it 's amazing how many people have n't heard of this .
i 'm sure the average inmate reads num books per year .
i 'm pretty sure they did the same thing with the num st and num rd picture .
i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . it 's the same thing in the us .
the west wing 's nuclear power episode was one of the dumbest things i 've ever seen .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the only way to get rid of them .
i 'm pretty sure the germans had no idea what they were doing .
til that the japanese government is n't allowed to do this .
he was also a huge fan of the nfl , so i 'm not surprised .
til that the rms olympic was named after the olympic .
til vanessa carlton wrote the song for a thousand miles .
i do n't think pizza is going to send out for you .
tippett stop motions out of the set .
i 'm not sure what the hell you 're talking about .
i 'm not sure how to make this up , but i think it 's interesting that the article was written by berkeley .
i 'm pretty sure the bill cosbys of the sea is named after him .
til that judd apatow is the best actor in the world .
i 'm not sure what the link is , but it looks like nestle has a lot of money .
i do n't know why people are downvoting this . it 's like saying " allah " is the word for god .
i 'm surprised they did n't assume it was witchcraft .
i 've been trying to get my k y jelly for num years now . it 's not like i 'm going to be able to do this .
til that kilns are the most common pronunciation of kilns .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here , but i think it 's more that they are n't aware of all the insane shit associated with them .
" robbie i 'm tired "
i 'm not saying they are n't fine , just that it 's more of a problem for them to have kids .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
el sonidito ? that 's the one .
i 'm pretty sure the marines are n't even in the navy .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the point .
i 'm pretty sure they got the idea for it .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted . it 's true that the mexican national anthem is n't the same as the national anthem .
i 'm pretty sure the helmets were made from steel .
i 'm pretty sure the us is behind on everything .
i 've been to disneyland for num years and it was amazing .
it 's like a ddos attack of stupidity .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the largest lake in the world .
i 'm not sure what you mean by passive aggressive .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what they do . it 's not like you can n't turn around while inside your ear canal .
i 'm not surprised . the opening weekend is one of my favorite movies .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " real problem in companies " .
that 's why you always check the chamber .
i 'm pretty sure that the gorillas were just as violent as they are today .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
he also used the n word at whoopi goldberg 's roast in num .
i 'm not sure what you 're talking about .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the plot of the movie .
he did spin , but it 's not like he was spinning .
octopuses are n't the same as octopuses .
til that fred phelps was a civil rights lawyer .
it 's almost impossible to contract hiv from vaginal intercourse .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not , but superman does take all the nukes to the moon .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " pffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
i 'm not sure what the difference is between transfused blood and transfused into research subjects .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what happens when you get trapped behind a minefield .
he was also the first to post on reddit .
i 'm pretty sure the castles in bavaria were inspired by fairy tales .
i 'm in canada too , and it 's about num here .
i 'm pretty sure that was the first one .
i 'm pretty sure that the creator of star trek was also a fanatic .
i 'm not sure why you are getting downvoted . atlanta is n't the only place in the world where people do n't want to go to the olympics .
i 'm pretty sure he knows how to read sheet music and writes his music only by ear
i 'm not sure , but i do n't think so .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 've been to denver international airport and it was amazing .
it 's got electrolytes , but you can n't get them in the us .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the point .
i 'll listen to you sing .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm from czechoslovakia and i can confirm this .
i 'm glad she did n't regret it .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here , but i do n't think the whitehouse security team had the balls to handle the russian premier back indoors .
i 'm pretty sure the greek mythology is n't that bad .
i think it was a car .
i 'm pretty sure this is the plot of the wendigo movie .
i 'm pretty sure that was the first thing he did .
til that the word spam was invented by an asteroids .
bayern munchn ? that 's crazy .
i 'm not saying she does n't like customers , just that she is n't an angel .
i 'm not sure what the hell you 're talking about .
til that eagles can drown when catching fish .
i 'm pretty sure they did it because the temple was destroyed by an earthquake .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but i remember reading that in the movie he said " throw me a frickin bone here , people "
i 'm not sure what the hell this is about .
" oh , i 'm sorry , i thought this was america . "
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the odds of getting salmonella .
i live in oklahoma and this is true .
i 'm not proud of it .
he 's not great , but he is n't the best actor in any of his movies .
i 've never seen the show ruined my cartoons .
it 's not ironic , but it 's still ironic .
i 'm not sure how many times i 've seen this .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the only reason i drink so much .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 've always wondered why dogs laugh when they are tickled and playing .
i 'm not sure what you mean by michael scott .
til that the founding fathers of the united states of america are not , in any sense , founded on the christian religion .
til that moose with antlers have more sensitive hearing than those without .
ronald mcdonald is also pronounced " r " .
it 's not masturbation , it 's just fucking an eel .
i 'm pretty sure indiana jones is n't the only one who thinks it 's bad .
i 'm not saying it 's cheap , just that it is n't as expensive as you think .
i 'm from dominica , and i can confirm this .
i 'm pretty sure paris is the only country in the world that does n't have a population of num million .
til that paul rudnick is a real person .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm pretty sure the fda does n't recognize the chemical as perfectly safe .
i 'm pretty sure that this is the reason why i do n't want to be in the military .
i 'm pretty sure it was the first time that i watched futurama .
i 'm pretty sure that this doctrine is n't true at all .
i find rocking chairs to be therapeutic .
jar jar is the name of the movie .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
til that the vietnamese draft dodgers were canadian .
buddhism is n't the same as buddhism .
i 'm not saying that starbucks is worse than starbucks , just that they are n't as good as the rest of us .
til that lisa mcpherson is a real person .
i 'm pretty sure that this is the first time i 've heard of this happening in germany .
no , it 's illegal to kill animals for meat .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the same as alcohol .
i 'm pretty sure sean bean is n't the best actor in the world .
i 'm pretty sure the stickers are n't poisonous .
i 'm not sure what you 're talking about . num year is n't that much of a stretch .
i 'm pretty sure the last episode of fugitive , roots was the final episodes of fugitive , roots .
as an insurance agent and a father of a num year old
tedx is the real deal .
i 'm pretty sure they are n't prehensile .
i 'm going to go swimming in the ocean right now .
i 'm from zilwaukee and i have never heard of this town before .
i 'm not sure how old david davis is , but he 's num years old .
i 'm sure they did n't care that the ship was compromised .
i 'm not sure what you mean by screwing .
it 's a great milestone for technology .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what you get when you try it .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what the article says .
i 'm not surprised , but i think it 's more impressive that the ballon d'or is n't even in the top num .
no , it 's the world 's oldest currency .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what happened in the movie .
i 'm pretty sure he went to harvard .
i 'm pretty sure the army is n't that bad .
i 'm pretty sure it 's about num times around the world .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this guy .
i enjoyed matchstick men .
i 'm pretty sure the average person is n't an expert on the subject .
i 've seen this video before , but it 's not that bad .
it 's common knowledge , but not all of them are the same character .
i 'm pretty sure that was the first episode of the simpsons .
california has the highest poverty rate in the world .
i 'm not saying you 're wrong , but adam is n't the only one who knows what he 's doing .
donald duck magazine collectors ?
i 'm pretty sure that the canton of appenzell innerrhoden is still in place .
i 'm pretty sure the us was the first country to produce steel before the num th century .
i 'm pretty sure bisons are n't as bad as they used to be .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted . it 's the same in every country .
i do n't think you understand what exp c means .
i 'm colorblind and i can see the figures .
roethlisberger is the best player in the league .
bartlet for america .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not , but it 's possible that the blood alcohol levels are higher than num .
i 've read without moving my lips .
i wish someone loved you as much as kanye loves me as much as kanye loves kanye .
til dolphins have been known to masturbate by wrapping a live eel around their penis
i 'm num and i love seinfeld .
i 'm not cringing at it being used to describe anything .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i remember watching this show when it was on tv . the old house is so much better than the old house .
i 'm pretty sure the mob offered them " made man status " .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i do n't know , i have a kidney stone .
i 'm pretty sure it 's " the love of money " .
ivan vodka is n't bad for you .
i 'm not sure what you are talking about .
i 'm not saying he nails it , i 'm just saying that he does n't like the movie .
he also said " the regulars are coming " instead of " the regulars are coming " .
i 've heard " hung hanged by the neck until dead " so many times .
i 'm the only one who thinks it 's because of their uniforms .
i 'm guessing they were eating something else .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of randy johnson .
i 'm not sure what the hell this is about .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm not sure how many times this is posted .
and for such o low caust
it 's not a marketing term , it 's a marketing term .
i bet you could come up with something like that .
i 'm pretty sure werner herzog was talking about the bears who were in charge of the bears .
it 's almost as if people who do n't learn from history are doomed to repeat it .
i do n't know if you 're being serious or not , but this is the first time i 've ever seen someone say that .
the tortoise is a human being .
i do n't know why this is n't the top comment
i 'm not a huge always sunny fan but i thought it was pretty good .
i 'm pretty sure she was born in the num s .
til that the band " all my sons " is named after arthur miller .
i 'm pretty sure the title of the hungarian gp has n't gone on to win the title since num .
i 'm pretty sure that bird is the only known bird to be confirmed as having viewing humans as prey .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
dilbert principle is n't the only thing that makes sense .
til that thomas kinkade was an asshole .
i 'm from galveston , and i can confirm this .
in my head , i pronounce his name " sean bean "
i 'm not gay , but i think it 's more of a joke than a joke .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " perfect climate "
i 'm pretty sure they were talking for num hours straight .
til that the plague solved an overpopulation problem .
i 'm pretty sure the grill was made by george foreman .
i 'm pretty sure the usa is one of those countries that does n't have any form of discrimination against women .
til that big bird is the real person .
i 'm num and i still have n't played the game genie in years .
i 'm pretty sure that was the point .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not , but it was one of my favorite movies .
i 'm pretty sure that was the first time i ever heard this song .
i 'm pretty sure the bbc banned it because of the fact that it is n't about wartime factory hands .
i 'm pretty sure it was a gogo congo .
i 'm pretty sure that num out of num were released in the same year , and num came out in the same year .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
george : you can n't over dry your laundry . george : you can n't over dry your laundry . george : you can n't over dry your laundry . george : you can n't over
i remember when clippy came out .
til luxembourg was liberated from nazism .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 'm pretty sure men and women are the same species .
til that twenty thousand leagues under the sea is a book .
i 'm not saying they are n't . i 'm just saying that it 's more of a matter of quality than anything else .
i do n't think it 's sad that people do n't know about tesla inventing teleportation
or inside your ear .
raccoons do n't have to pay taxes .
til that the bridge was built in num .
i 'm pretty sure that the space race was a byproduct of developing icbms .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num th century .
it 's also slang for " faggot " .
dandelion wine is delicious .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm num and i love curb , but i do n't like it .
it was a show about newman 's plans for global domination .
yoko ono is the man .
i 'm not sure how to make this movie , but i think it 's worth watching .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of him .
i 'm pretty sure the confederate army was also active in the civil rights movement .
i 'm pretty sure that was the best selling record in australia .
i 'm not saying it 's difficult to name a country with a history that has n't participated in genocide , just that it 's hard to name a country with a history
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but the fantastic four was one of the best movies ever made .
i 'm pretty sure that is because of the fact that humans are n't genetically similar to each other .
i was born in the wrong era .
i 'm pretty sure the first audio recording was made in num .
i 'm from mexico and i can confirm this .
i 'm from the us and i do n't know why this is so surprising .
i 'm from nebraska and i can confirm this .
ravens are fucking awesome .
i 'm canadian and i love caillou .
til that a single meteorite is the origin of about num of the meteorites hit earth .
bertrand was also the first to have canned food excavated from the steamboat .
i 'd love to see someone play " america , fuck yea " .
i 've heard that dolphins are n't really sex life . they 're just like humans .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure what the hell that is .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
i can do it in my head too .
til that mercedes mccambridge was an actress .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " alternative diets effective in fighting pancreatic cancer " .
i 'm thinking of hotmale.com .
i 'm pretty sure that is not true .
i 've heard that song before .
i 'm pretty sure that the bells were invented in num , but they did n't have to whistle loudly into the receiver .
i 'm sorry to hear that .
otto is the best .
i 'm not sure what you mean by rollout , but emvs are n't the same as emv cards .
vicodin is num times as potent as codeine , hence the name codin .
til audrey hepburn was a woman
i do n't know what smite means .
he 's not your guy , guy .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure there are some asshole dogs .
i think it 's more of a problem with the system that is n't open source .
i 'm sure he 'll be released on parole for num years .
i 've never seen that movie .
oh , i see . thanks !
i 'm not sure what you mean by " peaked " .
i 'm pretty sure that the seed was used for birth control in ancient times .
i 'm pretty sure that was his first english speaking role , not his first english speaking role .
til that the house of the rising sun is actually a traditional folk song written by an unknown author
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
he was also a great leader of russia , so i 'm not surprised .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " greatest country in the world " .
i 'm pretty sure they were the " baddies " .
imagine if humans did this .
i 'm pretty sure the us has num blood alcohol content higher than num
til that daryl hall and john oates are the same person .
naharis looks like he 's the only one who has n't seen that movie in years .
til that the last supper was on thursday according to the scientists .
i 've been doing this for years now . it 's not like you have to take the dextromethorphan pill or something .
no , but you can run in space .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm pretty sure he learned to drive , fearing a premature death .
i 've been there . it 's amazing .
i 'm not sure what that means .
wooodja'matthias ? !
came for comments , left questioning life .
" i 'm sorry , i do n't want you to know that i have boneitis ! "
til louis vuitton was a nazi .
i 'm pretty sure they had guns too . the uss texas was one of the most powerful tanks in the world .
i 'm pretty sure he was told to cut it back to the size of a rugby ball .
i 'm not saying it has n't changed , just that it 's been around since the num th century .
til pope joan was born in num .
i 'm pretty sure it 's just a joke .
he was also a member of the kkk .
i 'm pretty sure that general of the army is also named marshall .
til that darth vader is the father of luke skywalker .
i wonder how many pounds a hooker cost num years ago .
i 'm pretty sure it 's num days , but that does n't mean they are n't doable .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " raw eggs " .
til that noah was delayed due to'heavy rain and flooding ' .
i 'm german and i feel like a total moron for not knowing what they do to the poor doogos here .
i 'm not sure why people are downvoting this . it 's like saying " i do n't want to be known as the guy who sued hanna barbera for the honeymooners , but
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure how to explain this , but i think it 's interesting that they were forced to clear minefields .
no , it 's not .
that 's a lot of fish .
i 'm not sure what the hell you 're talking about .
til that num pac 's ashes were mixed with weed and smoked by members of his rap group .
html is an abbreviation for hotmail .
til that the chicken nugget was invented by a cornell university professor .
schumacher has n't won it at monaco since num .
i do n't think you understand what the definition of " middle ground " means .
i 'm pretty sure that this is the first time i 've heard of this .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but in english it 's called pseudoanglicism .
edison was a genius .
he also invented the cereal to combat children masturbating .
i 'm not sure if you 're joking or not , but this is one of the most interesting things i 've read in a while .
i 'm not religious , but i do n't think it 's fair to say that there are more than one religion in the world .
he was gay , but he was n't gay .
he also invented the telegraph after he received a letter of his wife 's failing health
i 'm pretty sure that the coronado was just an asshole .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what they were doing .
i 'm pretty sure the ussr was in a war with yeltsin .
i do n't know , but i do have one .
num of people who consume dihydrogen monoxide end up dead
i 'd die as a champion .
i 'm pretty sure he won an emmy for that .
i 'm pretty sure the catholic church is n't that bad of a person .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted .
i 'm pretty sure that the term " treadmill " was used for prisoners .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure if this is a reference or just a joke .
a soup is not a meal .
i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted . it 's true that habeas corpus was the only one who gave up habeas corpus .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this .
samurai pizza cats are the best .
til sid caesar was an asshole .
i 've seen this before .
i 'm pretty sure he was also a fruitarian .
til carl sagan is an asshole .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure why this is surprising .
til that eminem is commended in the num edition of the guinness book of world records for having the most words in a hit single , ' rap god '
i 'm not worried about it .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm pretty sure the us government is n't allowed to be atheist .
i 'm pretty sure that the last explosion was recorded in num db .
til that the cia is n't just a bunch of cunts .
that 's a great video , thanks for sharing .
i 'm pretty sure the ship was built in num , so it would have been easier to move closer .
i 'm pretty sure the firing squad is n't that bad .
i 'm pretty sure the audi is owned by volkswagen .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case back in the day .
i 'm not sure how to get this from the article .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
i 'm not sure what you mean by prestige .
i remember the courtesy wave .
i 'm not saying it is n't discrimination , just that the shelters are inherently racist .
i 'm pretty sure it was also coined to avoid using the word " rape " as in " rape " .
i 'm pretty sure it was the other way around .
i 'm pretty sure the us is n't really an independent country .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
the warriors have num captains out of num players .
he 's not american . he 's an australian citizen .
i 'd watch that movie .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of bill werbeniuk .
i do n't think you know what pissing is .
i 'm pretty sure they are n't true eels at all .
i 'm pretty sure this is the case for all variables .
i 'm pretty sure the term " fragging " was coined in vietnam .
i 've been calling myself " credit mcchecky clown penis " for years now .
til activision was founded in the num ' s
i 'm pretty sure the law is not enforced in canada .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of da vinci .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of caracalla .
til that the character of larry david is based off of a seinfeld co creator .
til that rhino horn is an aphrodisiac
i can integrate and derive e x in my head .
i 'm pretty sure the firing squads were not allowed to shoot images of the ussr .
i 'm not surprised . it 's the first time i 've ever heard of this .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that , but i have n't taken anything since .
i 'm pretty sure the french military is n't going to buy that much food .
the british army had less than num troops at the beginning of the american revolutionary war .
i 'm not sure what the hell you 're talking about .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure , but it is n't covered in insurance .
i 'm pretty sure the us government is n't going to let them drop pop tarts .
i 'm not saying you should have said fighting a grizzly in unarmed combat .
i 'm pretty sure the dog from frasier died in num .
aztecs also made swords that are far sharper than any modern day steel razor blades .
til that adrianne curry is an asshole .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure they had a lot of bad consoles .
i do n't think it 's that bad , but i can see why people would be pissing off the drivers off behind you .
i 'm pretty sure the snes version is still legal .
as someone who works in retail , i would love to go off on customers who are massive dickhead cunts .
i heard trump lost the dog vote num num
i 'm pretty sure that was the name of the beer .
i do n't think you understand how trade works .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
til that voles are capable of empathizing with each other .
til that brittany murphy was an actress .
czechoslovakia is the only country in the world that has n't been formed yet .
i 'm pretty sure the lord 's prayer was also used as a measurement of time in medical and culinary books .
i remember when the yakuza came out , they were just trying to steal the consoles .
i 'm pretty sure he also played the guitar and bass .
i 'm pretty sure he used to do cocaine in the recording of sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club .
oh , you stupid bitch .
r politics is leaking again
that 's what i meant .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm pretty sure this is the plot of a movie . it 's about eunus , not eunus
i do n't think you understand what the word " all " means .
i 'm pretty sure the nazis were just as bad as hitler .
i 'm not gay , but i do n't think it 's that crazy .
i 'm pretty sure they are woodcuts .
i 've never heard anyone say it in an english accent .
i 'm pretty sure he was also the co star in mad men .
tapatio is the best sauce ever .
i 'm sorry to hear that .
i do n't think you understand how the usa operates .
oh god , that 's awesome .
til that the word " adrenaline " is actually a trademarked name for the hormone " adrenaline " .
i 'm pretty sure season num was awesome .
i 'm not sure what you mean by matar .
i 'm not sure what the hell this guy is talking about .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment .
i 'm pretty sure the uss texas is n't just a ship , it 's a new york state .
i 'm not sure what you mean by sad .
i 've been ticklish for num years now .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i do n't think you understand what the word " scumbag " means
i heard one time otto snuck out at night and bought a case of nati light and crashed a sorority party .
til that theodore roosevelt was an asshole .
til that the word " crunk " was originally used in the num ' s .
i 'm pretty sure the secret service is n't in his underwear .
it 's not relaxed , it 's just that you do n't want to be a russian . and i 'm saying that as a russian , i 'm saying that as a russian
i 'm pretty sure the rabbits are n't even in australia .
i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted .
i 've been using it for years now , but i have n't used it since i was num .
i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted . the title is n't " twenty thousand leagues under the sea " , it 's " twenty thousand leagues under the sea "
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " show about george " .
i 'm not sure why people are downvoting this . it 's like saying " oh yeah , that 's what we want to do . "
i do n't know why people are so upset about this . it 's not like the government is n't going to let us know what happened .
i 'm pretty sure the color of envy is called " invidia " .
i 'm pretty sure the navy is n't that bad .
i 'm from the us , and i do n't think it 's common here .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 'm not sure how this is relevant to the discussion .
i 'm sorry , but that is n't the first time i 've seen this posted .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure the german tanks were more accurate than conventional espionage at estimating tank production capacity .
i 'm not sure what you mean by shoveling dirt .
til that the dmz is not just a natural reserve .
til that the us navy destroyer was a japanese submarine
" i 'm not going to win , but i 'm going to win . "
i 'm pretty sure it was in marsh grocery store .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but the windfucker was also called a " windfucker "
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've seen this posted .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 've always thought it was the moon .
i 'm pretty sure osama bin laden was the richest non royal saudi .
he also invented the swivel chair .
i 'm sure there will be more people in the world who can n't grow geometrically .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not , but superman was good .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
san antonio here . it 's called spunk .
no , they had num chan in num .
i 'm sorry , but i do n't know what you mean .
north dakota , south dakota .
i 'm from flevoland , and i can confirm this .
i 'm pretty sure this is n't true .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
til that there is a county tyrone in ireland
it 's a side effect of the fruit diet .
i 'm french and i live in france .
as someone who is expecting their first child , this thread terrifies me .
i 'm pretty sure that was the joke .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not , but i think it 's more of a side effect than eli num .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted .
i 'm not sure why you are getting downvoted . it was an episode of stargate sg num .
i 'm pretty sure the irish were more likely to be inferior because of the high rate of imprisonment .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not , but chuck palahniuk is the man who killed his father .
til that red haribo gummy bears are strawberry flavored .
they eat the poopoo .
i 've seen bad lieutenant , and i have n't seen it in years .
i 'm not sure what the hell you 're talking about .
i 'm not sure why you 're getting downvoted . it 's the same reason that heroin is n't used in an epipen .
i 'm pretty sure they were built by the same people that built them .
i 'm not saying they are n't . i 'm just saying that the parents are responsible for the actions of their non adult offspring .
i 'm not sure why people are downvoting this . it 's like saying " if you do n't swear in your lyrics , then you should be fine . "
no , they 're not .
i 'm pretty sure that was the plot of a movie .
til that every part of a dandelion is edible .
i 'm pretty sure the chiefs are the only ones who have n't seen him in years .
i 'm not sure how to feel about this , but i think it 's interesting that the paramedic who pulled baby jessica from the well in midland and later died
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
i 'm american and i have never heard of this happening in the us .
til lexus was an april fool 's day joke
i 'm pretty sure that the question is " what do you believe in ? "
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here , but aliens are n't the only ones who made it up .
i do n't understand the hate . i just do n't think it 's fair to call him a bad dude .
i 'm pretty sure that was the reason they shut down the rival candy bar .
i 'm pretty sure that this is what happens when you have a nuclear power plant .
i 'm not sure what the hell this is about .
i 'm not sure if this is a joke or just a joke .
superman n num was pretty good .
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not , but adam sandler is n't really a golden retriever .
i 'm pretty sure it 's more common for dolphins to masturbate in the wild .
i think it 's safe to say that he did n't want to .
he was also considered for the role of robin in num .
aeschylus was the father of tragedy .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure the uss johnston was saluted by a japanese destroyer captain .
i 'm pretty sure it 's punished in germany .
no , it 's not .

i read it in the voice of a god .
i was a nuke too .
i 'm pretty sure he did a commercial with gandhi .
i 'm american and i do n't use windows .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm pretty sure the redskins credit agency is n't even close to the same as the redskins credit agency .
he was also nominated for best supporting actor in the golden globes .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
i 'm pretty sure that is the case in most states .
i 'm pretty sure that 's the only way to get rid of them .
i 'm pretty sure the apple was actually martin sheen .
i 'm pretty sure that was the name of the guy who invented it .
i 'm pretty sure that 's what the title is about .
i 'm german and i can confirm this .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious .
i 'm num ' num " and i 'm num ' num " .
i 'm not sure why you are getting downvoted .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this guy .
i 'm pretty sure this is n't the first time i 've heard of this .
i 'm pretty sure it 's num years old .
i 'm pretty sure gustaf skarsgard is the son of stellan skarsgard .
he was also a taoist monk .
i 'm afraid of moving too fast and dropping dead
til that batwoman is n't gay .
til that the british used concentration camps to commit genocide in the num ' s
i 'm not saying it 's the right thing to do , just that it is n't as bad as you think .
i need you to be faster , barry .
til patsy cline was an asshole .
it 's like that .
i 'm pretty sure that the bridge was built over the strait .
i 'm num and i have no idea what you 're talking about .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " hard work " .
gaddafi is the best train in the world .
i 'm sorry to hear that .
i 'm going to go out on a limb here and say that i do n't know what you 're talking about .
i 'm pretty sure that the hyena researcher sued for defamation of character for portraying lions as villains .
til william shatner is a badass .
til that in greek mythology zeus thought the earth was overpopulated and trojan war was instigated to depopulate the earth .
i do n't think it 's the kind of shit holocaust deniers , conspiracy theorists , etc .
i 'm not sure why this is surprising . the steelers are one of the best teams in the league .
til scrappy doo is one of the most hated characters in fiction .
i 'm pretty sure the priest laymen are n't allowed to perform baptisms in roman catholicism .
i 'm american and i do n't know about the alcohol volume .
i think the worst part of being blind is that it 's not like you can n't be blind .
i 'm pretty sure that was the reason he left the academy .
i 'm from arizona and i do n't know why people are downvoting this .
i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted . jay leno has one of them .
that 's a bundle of sticks .
til that roseanne barr was hit by a car at num .
i 'm from mississippi and i can confirm this .
i 'm pretty sure that the simpsons had a lot of prank calls to moe .
til that the lyrics to this song were changed to " here i go again " .
i 'm not saying it does n't come close , just that it is n't the same as communism .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in china . they were worried about the optics of that being shown or exposed .
i 've been to the num st floor in my house and it was called the num th floor .
i 'm pretty sure it 's " calm " .
i 'm not sure what you mean by genius .
i 'm not sure , but it 's pretty much the same story .
til that janet jackson was blacklisted from the grammys .
i do n't think you understand what the word " selfish " means
i 'm not sure if you 're being sarcastic or not .
i 'm pretty sure the opening line was just a joke .
i 've been waiting for this game to come out .
i 'm pretty sure this is the case for all cancers . it 's not like they are n't immune to hypertumors .
it 's not a lose lose situation .
i 'm not sure if this is true or not .
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've heard of this .
til that the hindu kush is named because of all the slaves killed during the crossing .
i 'm from the us and i can confirm this .
he was given the job , but she was n't given the job .
i do n't like oprah .
i 'm pretty sure that was the plot of the movie " battle of germantown " .
i 'm pretty sure that the gap is named after an african genocide .
i 'm pretty sure the bullet is n't water .
it 's also known as the american war .
til matthew mcconaughey was in tropic thunder .
i 'm not sure what you mean by that .
obama was the guy who played bartlett .
superman iv was the first movie to be released in num .
i 'm not sure how to pronounce that .
i 'm pretty sure that was the only reason they did n't know about it .
i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . it 's true .
i 've been there . it 's amazing how many people have n't heard of this camp .
i 'm pretty sure that the statue of liberty was built in num .
i 'm pretty sure the new coin does n't work in trollys .
a man 's window is his most prized possession .
i 'm not saying it does n't . i 'm just saying that the suffering is n't going to go away like money .
i 'd rather have the milkshake .
i 'm pretty sure dolphins are n't as good as the female ones .
kinksters are n't the same as dolphins .
i 'm pretty sure the nazis did it too .
i 'm pretty sure it means to be dragged behind a horse , hanged and cut into quarters .
i 'm not sure what the title of this post is about .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " realistic " .
i 'm pretty sure sean connery was held at gunpoint while on the set of another time .
hydrogen peroxide is also used to treat wounds .
i 'm from yreka , and this is the first time i 've heard of this .
he was also in favor of a lot of other stuff .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm guessing the results were just as bad as the ones that came up with the idea of grassmarkets .
he 's also been arrested num times for protesting and acts of civil disobedience .
it 's also the state anthem of connecticut
i 'm sorry for what you 're about to put yourself through .
til that the country of madagascar was named after marco polo .
i 'm pretty sure it 's the kind of stuff that would write about us .
i 'm not saying it should n't be a proper reason , just that it should be .
coke ii is the best thing ever .
til the cartels are evil .
i 'm pretty sure the stamps are just a parody of marxism and leninism
i read it as gilbert gottfried .
a constant reminder to persevere .
til leo allatius was a real person .
i 'm pretty sure that the us was in charge of counter insurgency warfare .
i 'm surprised that you did n't know this . the tortoise and the hare are n't related to each other .
i 'm pretty sure that the pinto was given new life by fight club .
oh , i see . thanks for clarifying .
i 'm pretty sure he was just trying to get the ring back .
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say here .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num ' s .
i 'm not sure what you mean by coincidence .
i feel like you 're the only one who thinks that .
til that the number of holes on a golf course is arbitrary .
i 'm not saying it does n't . i 'm just saying that there is no resistance to oppression .
i 've always heard it as " the clang " .
it 's a shelter , not a shelter .
i 'm pretty sure the german pilots were shot down by the allied pilots .
i 'm from minnesota and i have never heard of this lake .
i 'm pretty sure the critics predicted it would be a disappointment at the box office .
i do n't know what to believe anymore .
i 'm pretty sure we had a precision of num millionth of an inch .
i 'm from oxford , and i have never heard of this before .
that 's jerry , jerry .
til that the norwegian population is still alive .
it 's not surprising , but it is n't surprising .
i 'm not sure if you 're being serious or not .
daredevil is a great movie .
i had a hotmail account back in the mid num ' s , and that i was using it to pick up chicks .
til that only num of them have been born west of the mississippi river .
i 'm pretty sure that was the plot of all in the family .
keith richards is an asshole .
i 'm sure he would have been happy to feed his kids .
i 'm pretty sure that was the reason he did n't fit on the bus
i 'm pretty sure that this guy is the one who buys all of israel 's grain products .
as an australian , i 'd totally be down with " down under " by men at our national anthem .
i 'm from mexico and i can confirm this .
" let them spy . i 've got nothing to hide "
i 'm pretty sure that was markle .
i 'm pretty sure the nazis were just as bad as the germans .
i 'm pretty sure they did n't bother to tell the cast and crew about it .
i do n't think you 're useless , little chicken .
i 'm sure the cops would have done it .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment .
i 'm pretty sure that was the point of the post .
i 'm pretty sure that was the case in the num s .
i 'm from chicago and i do n't even know where to start .
i feel like samuel l . jackson is the only one who does n't get it .
i 'm pretty sure she was the first woman to win the boston marathon .
i 'm not sure what you mean by " the silk roads " .
i 'm not your fucking khakis .
i do n't think it 's the price of freedom , but that 's what i was thinking .
i 'm not sure why this is n't the top comment
i 'm pretty sure this is the first time i 've seen this posted .
it 's filtered tap water .