godamn it , i only make 600k from my forehead
that 'll stop ' em .
i read as tutored as tortured . i was of confuse
this is the real law that we need !
the sound of angry trump supporters
i 'm in my mid 30s . still no prostate cancer and continue to ejaculate regularly . this study will continue to march on .
til that buffett was buying out companies in 1962 . he did this seven years before the moon landing , as a man in his 30s , and he 's still at the top of his game in 2017 .
in bird culture , this is considered a dick move .
yes .
and now , here 's human music .
cage and caine is n't a comparison . caine is an actor , cage is a performer . you do n't hire nicolas cage to get the embodiment of a character , you hire nicolas cage to get nic cage .
til there 's a name for that thing my son kept doing as an infant during diaper changes , peeing in his own mouth , ear , eyes .
nah he signed up for the reindeer version of make a wish .
and by ' wrote ' you mean copied and pasted .
joey must have loved it considering how much he loves die hard .
wow , just like david blaine
standards are getting lower , so i 'll allow it .
what 's the saying ? " the war was won with british intelligence , american steel , and russian blood "
our generation could learn something from this .
i dunno ... i bet a professional astronomer 100 years ago could direct you through some trpt out ancient greek geometry .
man . that 'd be great if us humans could have that same super power . girls should n't fart for example
in the fan comic , calvin 's daughter is bacon , named for francis bacon .
and in full throttle ! ! !
i just wanna be the kinda person i can talk to in the morning with a smile
just curious , who is the worst top goalscorer ?
i prefer black like my soul
it does n't even say that conclusively on wiki . i 'm not saying having them in captivity is good or anything . i 'm just saying do n't make it out like they actually know why it happens .
i 've read ivy league schools have insane grade inflation
guys ... but he is nice to the guards . just let him be free . he said that was just a phase and he is over it .
lmaooo i love the internet
i wonder how many people figured out his name was fes for foreign exchange student
that 's someone else 's mouth
perhaps , but i recall chretien as claiming ' brain drain ' simply was n't happening .
til this til gets posted once a week .
i do n't understand how they would continue to serve nk when they realise most things they believe is a lie
i gather you have no idea what south africa is actually like . source : i am south african .
well , it says stan lee made the characters flawed . makes sense the movie would be too .
if you 're strong enough to own it on your trip it might alleviate those things outside of it
i remember when lyrics dot ch was the only good place to find song lyrics .
its easy to increase the number of trees if they keep stealing our people 's land . i 'm sure they had a net gain in houses too .
no . having 200 million ( at that time ) probably also would do it , no sitcom needed .
after four weeks , you 're an occupant . hans liked his weed .
they talk about this entire conversation in op 's link .
you doooont say
tapatio is hardly authentic lol
jesus some of those movies on the twin list were n't even close to a twin movie .
they do the same with school and company names in japanese novels too ! " company a " " school s " .
i like how the wiki article makes no mention of why he spent 3 weeks in a bomb shelter .
a suicide fee ? i can n't imagine that was a huge deterrent .
expect anything else ? having a dog means you have to care about a living thing other then yourself .
it 's amazing what the us has done in the name of protecting democracy .
also that angle . people typically only lay like that for one specific purpose .
non local watermelons suck . they do n't get to ripen properly .
tipping the land also tipped the ocean with it . it only works if it was an aircraft .
it 's a painting of the original bearded lady . nice .
in my city in north america , they recently spent 10 million on a new shelter , and it 's a kill shelter .
you do n't have to advertise your policy .
welp , this is what i was looking for ... if you have n't seen it , go now !
yes , it is a coin .
vagiana ? come again ?
this is my life
" one does not simply fly a helicopter to mordor "
earliest i can think of is herb alpert then paul mccartney
i would classify them as ' most annoying '
thanks , i could n't remember the word for it .
i was wondering about that if that was the case why some people can never gain weight and some people put on weight too easily .
today is april 16th . dandelions are good in march , when they are first coming up . by now , the leaves are bitter . the flowers can be battered and deep fried .
better yet it could be a new pokemon movie they find an actual charizard .
baldrick , what if you cover your penis with peanut butter and i lick it off ?
holy shit . i just understood chinese .
are you sure he does n't just blow it out his arse ? it sounds like it
howver , the previous grand prix was n't ' grand ' , it was shit as fuck .
it 's not though
i 'll remember this quote forever
" repetitious head circling and close viewing of the eye or genital region which had been marked " they viewed it because it was marked , not because they like looking at their dongs
hence the name . my chum was so proud of his flying toasters .
the person with a predator drone .
the reference used on wikipedia does n't seem to be a reliable source ...
bp changed the branding at a lot of their retail stores in america to marathon after all the oil spill pr .
the fuck ?
how to keep your volkswagen alive a manual of step by step procedures for the compleat idiot ( __url__
this is not a fun fact :( damn til getting me all sad n shit today .
have you met a chinese mother ? she 's ashsmed of you , personally .
i 've always wanted to know why paul wrote : " but if this ever changin ' world in which we live in " in which we live in ? why not simply omit the first ' in ' ?
don draper could n't have written a better campaign .
all this for the perfect pizza
i second that moderate wine consumption is infinitely better than drinking chemical shit juice
only you can prevent forest fires , because trump cut my funding .
yeah , that pic looks photoshopped ! her at 18 without makeup was still pretty .
it s also a non indigenous norway maple leaf , while previous to the new flag the sugar maple leaf was used . i always kind of felt ripped off by that .
do n't take it all away :'(
ouch cockroach bite ! ! help me help me
this has next disney animated movie written all over it ..
i can n't wait to see that movie next year
george carlin said we have a bill of privileges because a bill of rights implies they can n't be taken away .
the humans of the sea
stockholders do n't lose a penny until they sell stock prices vary , and that 's a small swing compared to a large company it went right back up correlation does n't imply causation
he opened a pasta place instead : __url__
i can n't play any instrument though i played both piano and guitar when i was a kid . but i can read music . we had two music classes every week at school at one hour each . i fucking hated school . but sheet music just stuck with me .
remember in cod mw3 survival there was juggernauts that showed up every few rounds . yup . that 's who they call .
til a group at 4 chan nominated an orangutang to be president as a joke . he won less then 50 of the vote and became president .
wow ... she must have believed 1 in 5 poles during ww2 were arseholes .
it 's better then the lunch lady giving the kids her breast milk
but what 's a york ?
yeah . just give it time ...
... 20.67 m in the shot put , 2 olympic trials , 665lb squat . i have asthma : i could n't can n't join the us military .
or just sell immediately , because a house is worth more than 75,000
here is a comedy song about los angeles : __url__
this core was later used in a weapons test , and it was found that the critical accidents had increased the weapon 's yield . this is some old testament shit , sacrificing human lives to channel the power of a wrathful god .
that 's him over there !
or play russian roulette with a semi auto pistol .
wow . i was born there and seeing that name on reddit is really the last thing i would ever expect .
the white olisadebe
damn shame what happened to greece . they used to be so good !
there 's a really good interview he has on fresh air with terry gross and he talks all about this
oh , there 's tons of times where parents are not watching their kids , or do nothing when they 're doing something they should n't . i do n't know what happened in the leadup to know if they should have known this could happen ... i 'd say they did n't ... but yeah .
canada geese , you fool !
so you 're saying that there is a chance
that was actually cocaine
did n't clarkson eat some " spunk energy pills " when doing the race with the mercedes on top gear ?
i have imaginary friends ... does that count ?
c'mon now . that 's dirty laundry . s
lol in sydney you 're looking at 1.5 2 million dollars unless you go 40 60 km away from the city
i could tell you that ... for money .
he was just so embarrassed by segways he could n't take it anymore
relevant erin
boy , this stephen hawkings fella sure sounds like an idiot .
that " s going on the bucket list .
booooo
esheep !
is that in the official priest rule book , because that sounds like something version 4 would have . pretty sure that buff was fixed in v5 .
you 'd think we 'd be listed at " highest concern " since we 're the ones making everything else go extinct .
wow a coincidence i just bought gin and tonic less than an hour ago also do n't have malaria . but can someone eli 5 wtf quinine is and does ?
so , basically , modern people are regressing .
yooo ! i ran a mini golf course there for a summer once ! that place holds a special place in my heart .
i was surprised to learn just how many nursery rhymes and classic tales such as this one had extremely dark roots .
well they already use kerry as a surname . that 's two counties down already .
it 's rumored that if you say his name three times he appears .
that music and the dolphin 's face hahhahhahahah
are a bunch of citizens going to be organized enough to be able combat the us military ? you would need a majority of the us population for that shitty overused excuse to have guns to work .
guess i do n't have to finish that episode anymore .
jesus christ , reddit .
you saw sith like it is a bad thing :)
legend .
he 's dead and never tried pizza and chips and cake and cookies and brownies . too bad .
not to split hairs , but ohio ranks first in the nation for heroin overdose deaths .
is he still out there stealing jokes ?
so how do you properly use a bidet ? i assume it gets your bits all wet . what do you use to dry ?
depression ?
this is like saying all of math is arithmetic . or , a step further , set theory . it 's wrong in any significant sense and displays an rudimentary understanding of maths .
life is n't weird . life is just what works .
ah , the good old days .
china where copyright is actually two words copy right
revenge , buffet style .
dude , just heck off with this logical thought process and ideal scenario ..
i 'm picturing the purple reset bar of a snes and 7422 is the game cartridge
dad !
my dog does this all the time and i had no idea it was a happy thing . he 's a pretty happy go lucky guy , so it 's not terribly surprising , but i 'm kind of touched that he " laughs " so often .
ha , you can n't even see across lake erie . why would people think you can ?
i 've always ignored most of it , except for the beautiful song everything 's alright
they legally had to change the name of the town to frostresistant to avoid a rotten fruit fight .
that actually looks very good
even great scientists can have their minds blown by the science they do themselves . did n't einstein push back on quantum randomness even though he discovered the photo electric effect ? i guess they are human too .
these were not slavic or jewish prisoners . british and americans were subject to traditional pow treatment .
cold showers , sea sick , tiny beds
they had it tested . it 's dog milk . we do n't even want to know how or where they get it . but it 's dog milk .
if that was n't bad enough , he apparently also frequently enjoyed kicking and killing babies from the arriving transports .
rule 4 : no politics agenda pushing
if i 'm reading it correctly , the ayahuasca vine contains alkaloids that allow the dmt in other plants to be used orally and still have potency , so they boil it all together and you still ralph but then you 're trippin ' balls
can i be gay too ?
and what , after 1968 it was no longer treatable ?
as he accelerated towards the lava , his last thought was " i 've made a huge mistake " .
it 's a darwinian miracle !
almost did with articles of confederation .
pissing the night away .
in my experience , promotions are based on your visibility to the people giving the promotions . merit based would be nice , but human nature being what it is , it 's not in the cards .
maria : aye caramba kimmy : we all caramba , maria .
like when they drag you into their rape caves ?
car he died in is fairly rare 1989 turbo trans am . i ran a 12.9 second quarter mile in mine on drag radials in 2003 . those things were are insanely fast for 80 ' s tech .
probably a bunch of students from radford university
are you suggesting foul play ?
i also read that many doctors thought scrubs was closer to their lives than most medical dramas . apparently everyone thinks their life is a comedy .
thank you very much for this , now it will n't be " yuh wrecka " for me lol
i 've been told by a person from the islands that the adjective is " trinbagonian " which i think is pretty neat .
i 'm in fort worth and i only drink tap water . i do n't find anything wrong with it tbh .
amazing 40 years later he still races
there 's a whole website with a load of evidence , reports and data on the whole litvinenko russian thing . have a google if you 're interested . there 's so much more to it than litvinenko 's assassination .
yes , the private prison industry is very lucrative and has a powerful lobby . ( also : racism . ) the new jim crow is a great read on this topic .
yeah so glad i got out before i became a nuke , i discovered my recruiter conned me into subs and wouldn t let me just sign up for ships . i ve heard the conditions are terrible especially for females .
i do n't have women friends and no , i 'm not a massive cunt .
more like " haha , ok you can stay . "
this is the guy that the word pyrrhic came from right ? as in a effort that caused required more harm than it 's success caused benefits . probably because of a different story though ?
tobias funke , dr . , actor and prison warden .
it 's also on a crazy road . go dawgs .
handy !
how ?
the population of berlin is still below pre wwii levels , i have been told once .
chinatown
the drummer from def leppard 's only got one arm .
donald duck investigates date rape
solve my maze , you little bitch ! ! ! do it ! ! !
hahahahahaha , long as they are bitching about something , then they 're happy it seems .
i feel like this is why time warner cable is now called spectrum
when you come at the king , you best not miss
you would fuck up the grammar .
" you gotta spend hours screaming in a closet to get it like this . hours ! "
that 's because the australian population is descended from criminals
you 'd think the x was n't coming out next month with that lineup .
in capitalist us pizza come to you !
nikola tesla was barely a scientist , he was an engineer .
fuck , so many teams i 'm gonna know nothing about .
our population is dependent on the market .
im buck ... and i 'm here to fuck
there 's a pretty good movie from the 1950s which is largely just a filmed play .
really none of my concern .
there 's so much more room for activities
he came and went at the same time ?
ama request from person who filed for protest ... oh wait , never mind .
if anything it s more likely charlie sheen would be dead . as it is patrice o neal is the dead one .
british people are dicks . source : am british
obligatory nightmare fuel .
lol had a shipmate last name danes hated to be called seaman stains
they are also the only other natural host to mycobacterium leprae ( the bacteria responsible for leprosy hansen 's disease ) other than humans .
what astounds me about this story is , " why did n't the smithsonian expedition leave at least two seals a male and a female to at least give them a fighting chance to beat extinction ? "
" the dankest timeline " tm strikes again .
battlestar galactica fan here . feel the same way . it 's a shame they stopped production halfway through season 3 .
it blows my mind that leprosy is still a thing .
i , anotherbentknee , do swear that i will be faithful and bear true allegiance to her majesty queen elizabeth the second , queen of canada , her heirs and successors . so help me god .
so you think it 's best to let the animals suffer ? and that does n't sound wrong to you ?
of course you do n't give a fuck , existance is pain
lord uxbridge was beside wellington at the battle of waterloo when a shot took off his leg . " by god , sir , i 've lost my leg , " to which wellington replied " by god , sir , so you have . " probably not really , but wellington was known for being cool under fire .
did you get this stat from crofty ?
you must be one of those normal people that do n't stay up until 3am reading about serial killers . i have heard of you kind .
yep , hollywood is a fucking meat grinder , and the vast majority of actors are lucky to get work . take it when you can get it .
obviously a joke on her part , but sounds like it could backfire . instead of staying 15 minutes longer , now they 're there 2 hours . asking people politely to leave is the best option .
challenge cup . lol that is great .
i heard they wanted to use a train , but when under siege 2 announced that as the setting , they changed things .
the most amazing thing about hitler is how popular he is outside of the west . asians love hitler and so do latinos . there are stores in india with his name on them and even a few in africa .
and people look at me like i 'm a mutant when i say i do n't want kids . regardless of my motives , it 's beneficial to society as a whole .
i 'm from a chicago suburb , so my idea of a lake is a great ly skewed .
literally called dutchifacation
is anybody here a marine biologist ?
i will n't be able to breathe on the moon ?
yeah i 'm sure a lot of artists want to finish their sides with a bang , but can n't because of this
i was damn close to getting trackmania on ps4 a week or so ago . glad i held off
goodnight , clot .
freddie mercury started smoking to give his voice a deeper rougher sound . it worked .
no idea how that is supposed to be an argument for billboards .
r titlegore
we had one for years , it was great right up until my mum cooked salmon on it . for some reason , every time we used it after that , it stank the the house out with faint salmon odour . we tried various cleaning products and stuff but gave up eventually .
could n't it just be that we became more hairless then so there was n't a clear path ( on most people ) for them to travel ? this could have isolated the populations .
as an american , i 'm so sorry .
so does cradle cap !
aidan cut me in half again
clever
they 're as good , maybe better , than most other griddles . they 're great for toasted sandwiches and shit .
that being said , they still go deeper than the deepest point we know of . in the book the reach a depth of 10 miles , when the deepest point on earth is only 7 miles .
" he was a loving man . always kissing and hugging jenny and her sisters . "
i 'd be willing to bet that the limiting factor then is the same now . i . e . how much a man can carry . if they were suddenly able to make everything a soldier carries now weigh 2 pounds , they would find another 28 48 pounds for them to carry .
then the shooter would say ... did i ... do ... that ! ? !
this is why king albert i ( st ) had been nicknamed the roi chevalier , or " knight king . "
that 's the rule of " unintended effects " which are so unexpected , but very clearly mark the functioning of complex systems . in this case social animals called humans , linked by artificial electronic devices .
yeah top voted comments like yours really show most people worship and loved him s
thought nerve gas went through the skin
i think the most exciting part of this article is the possibility of humans communicating with dolphins with holographic pictures like this . that 's the world i want to live in .
what the hell is happing to our youth ? you are a yout , right
today any white person still living in zimbabwe is called a hero or a weirdo .
i guess you could say they ... ... had a passion for it
ahhhh that 's why the mummy 3 happened .
my favorite hobby .
no . you should see it though , if you like movies that make you cry .
i do believe that 's in reference to spirit , opportunity 's sister .
daniel dennett , building off the concept of memes , has recently been making an interesting argument that the concious mind originated not in the phsyical components of a brain , but has its origin in cultural memes . __url__
they are naturally a very calm dog though . the problem is that everyone who wants to raise a dog dog to fight , buys a pit bull . so you get a lot of pit bulls with bad owners .
how is it the rupee ? __url__
that 's cuz kramer was a hipster . he just did not give a damn ..
playboy is not owned by mindgeek , everything playboy related is owned by playboy enterprises .
and often appears a little too greasy .
maybe it 's not a company
is n't there fish semen in all water ?
oops ! martini was but elf farts , old lost raffle tub , saw in it ram 's poo .
along with " oh , the places you 'll die " and " go dog go "
that 's why i do n't play consoles shooters . " why aim at your target when you can just aim near your target . " yea fuck that .
raise an army .
did n't know he was the car'a'carn
oscar was the head of the the academy when the awards first started
how do these banned states know when the mcrib is back ? ?
it wants to send mail to japan quickly .
every man has his religion . my dad was an oldsmobile man .
except the eagles , which are basically middle earth helicopters .
must have been great for the hips ...
one of my teachers worked for an extremely secure customer manufacturing bearer bonds . part of their contract work rules indicated that in the event of a fire they must move to a secure room and continue working . exactly for this reason .
dont forget to ban helmets ...
ringo has written 1s ( photograph , you 're sixteen ) just not while he was a beatle .
i did n't watch him race for lotus . this was a til for me . kimi is a good driver , but to equate his current ability to that of his stint at lotus half a decade ago does n't really compute . i do n't see him being as good today as he was back then .
is dairy forbidden during lent ?
creepy eyes even from far away in your video !
only ?
is it a tv show ?
especially when your plane is packed with explosives ready to explode the second the plane hits something .
the man wants to live a peaceful life let him be .
what a piece of shit .
if it was truly pure heroin and in a bacteriostatic solution , micron filtered , etc heroin actually has a very good absorption rate in part due to the histamine release increasing capillary permeability
i can finish one of those big packs in 6 hours .
exactly ... i do n't see a problem here .
there is ! florida and florida state and university of miami and many more . what baffles me about the franchise system is how little attendance they need each year to make money
nah they 'd be trash as well . especially tommy ... edit : now that i think about it . people call tommy trash for a long time now .
i need to find a way to prevent this story from ever coming into my awareness again . lt always makes me sad .
the dude in the logo looks like the killer in an old horror movie . he 'd quote some scripture and claim he 's cleansing the land or something before gutting someone with a scythe .
i got you covered .
death ? how high was this ? 30thousand feet ?
they are the champions .
meanwhile , in the book of genesis ...
considered what they 're mostly made of , you could still wax a mother fucker with a tootsie roll .
interestingly , because of the imprecise definition of the gram , there are only a few significant digits of avogadro 's number .
i believe it . i have a polish friend i go to school with who can drink like a tank . i saw him chug a bottle of uv blue once , and then do 40 shots 2 days later
i guess you have n't been in my smite league dota games . they get mad over everything .
you can buy a kit to do that at home . __url__
i 'm pretty sure it 's caused by imbalances of the inner ear , where your vision and what your inner ear feels do not match ( at least that 's what i remember at least ) .
and boris the bear killed them all .
__url__ actual image taken by an amateur photographer . :)
i still got my original set , except splinter my brother apparently set him on fire after i joined the military ...
long enough to insert joke about op 's mom here
in the early 1990s a return on concorde would cost about 12,000 . looks like using latest top technology costs about the same .
i wonder if ' south mountain ' was lassen ?
army here . it 's not gay if you 're wearing combat boots .
yup . penn and teller are still hugely important to each other ( penn 's kids treat him like a close relative ) , but they are purely business partners . never have to worry about hurting each other 's feelings when they 're making new stuff for the show , etc .
in recent years it has to be the dortmund 3 2 comeback vs malaga in 2013
ok , i agree he 's a douche . but has anyone here , or ever , actually listened to it ? besides for comedic value
i got a signed letter from joe biden for my eagle !
you can n't live off of it . you get rabbit starvation , which is protein poisoning , the lean meat does n't have enough fat .
you knew what you were doing , now i have to watch
why is this typo so goddamn funny ?
it 's does n't exist . the guy " claims " he found it ... and no one else on the planet has ever seen it .
security !
of course the movies name is " freddy got fingered "
she is bon qui qui __url__
you see , at that time , they are universally hated by the inhabitants of islands they conquered . also , sharks .
the one true milk
in one study , up to 94 percent of observed mounting incidents took place between males . only one percent of same sex mounting incidents occurred between females .
same with integrating something with like 4 parts . fuck that .
he had 2 . he needed one . i fail to see the problem here . he had more pressing matters to handle . i once cut off a finger for similar reasons . now ... i mean ... not ... you know ... not mine . that 's just crazy talk ... but he had 9 more . seemed like the right choice .
i mean ... do n't you continue to earn nearly your entire salary for the rest of your life after 20 years ? you could retire at 38 . that does n't sound so stupid to me .
a lot of our cards are contactless though .
i concur
i have the perfect birth control ... i 'm really ugly .
fact : at the toronto zoo i saw a mother bonobo beat a male bonobo mercilessly with a large stick ... after he kicked the baby on her back when she refused him sex . make love eh ?
my favourite comment of the last month :)
it worked his music is damn good
good . i think a mainstream education would have been a disservice to the fucked up genius that is quentin tarantino . just imagine what the world would have lost if he 'd finished high school , give on to college , and become an everyday working schmuck like the rest of us .
instructions unclear , masterbating while eating corn flakes .
i always thought she was 6 .
not the german shepherd thing , though , that might end badly .
so r lakeland is a thing . just fyi .
but is it the same colour ?
and bang little girls .
brooklyn hipsters always get the new microbiological life before the rest of us .
wow , that 's like that one time they mated a bull dog with a shih tzu .
i clicked just to see how far down this comment would be
demetri martin would approve !
it 's a good thing you explained how much 70 cents back then would be today . really changes the whole story completely .
auntcathy hutmull.com
because the people that use those things are the same people who want to protect us . kind of backwards if you kill what you are trying to protect right ?
curb goes beyond how actual people behave . it 's overwrought . seinfeld stays within believable normal behavior , hence it 's charms .
because the families of the shooters are victims themselves . they never thought their kids would do something like this . they sure as shit did n't raise their kids to act this way . the shooters were two troubled and broken people .
i just think other countries ' police forces were too incompetent to realize there were serial killers in their country .
really worked out for them
would n't you want the spunk to come out ? )
__url__
just looked further , and 1996 and 1997 have the same distinction
can confirm , had father in law with multiple myeloma .
my 3 favorite academics were all taken early :( hitchens sagan feynman . im worried about dawkins now . get yourself checked son !
thats savage !
oh , did you mean " meritocracy " ?
and to think this all started because the english wanted to replicate their english countryside via australia for game and sport . who knew invasive species could be so troublesome ?
probably a good thing that ended before tiger woods because that would have been awkward .
op is definitely not one of those indian nationalists pushing an agenda here from the article : " after the independence of pakistan in 1947 approximately 4.7 million hindus and sikhs moved to india while 6.5 million muslims settled in pakistan . "
i think that 's spiders , a more unnerving octopod .
stop making me sad ... where are you futurama !
i believe it ! a loss of someone so close must be terrible . i 'm sorry to hear that . im sure you grew out of the experience . the best of luck to your future
ow ! my bones or so brittle ! but i always drink plenty like of ... malk ? !
greatest of all time , im so thankful i have watched the greatest since the start of his barcelona career
well , skulls do sort of have a long standing history as symbols for death , entirely independent of the fact that the nazis used them .
i mean personally having a thick milkshake makes the sound come from the wrong parts of my throat and does n't let it be properly crisp and raspy but you do you
" holy shit margaret ! you 're alive ? ! " " yep , ) . got off on a technicality . "
man i caught this movie on cinemax years ago not knowing a thing about it . instantly became one of my favorites . heard also its use of light and shadow is taught in some film schools .
in the arab world , wonder woman has always been a supervillain . makes sense .
i remember when this came out . i watched my dad play it for hours .
yeah i would probably judge her intelligence to be at about high school level tbh .
his dad was a hell raiser who found jesup and became a pastor .
japan is the only country lit during boring ass february
i be tits just a string of words so tha tits , easy to remember or some nonsense .
play stupid games win stupid prizes . in this case , death .
the prospect of having an unwanted kid scares me soo much that i do n't mind wearing condoms
duh , everyone knows that elephants are n't seals !
hey hannah , its all downhill from there , you peaked too fast !
you can take pre decimal coins to the bank of england and they will give you the decimal equivalent . a pound coin from 1,000 years ago would be worth a lot to a collector though .
it always makes me feel like that dinosaur from jurassic park . you know the one .
first one on the list .
corruption , ill management and probably an unfriendly and unsafe working environment in russia . i had a buddy go work the oil fields there and he said it was scary unsafe .
if we do n't study the mistakes of the future we 're doomed to repeat them for the first time
wow he looked pretty good when he died ... in 1997 .
pretty sure the people fighting to take away healthcare do n't want prevailing wages to rise .
that 's " shocking " !
actual picture of a raccoon .
remember that movie where oceanic overbooked and had the police beat the shit out of the passenger and drag him off the plane like a sack of potatos . that movie kicked ass .
and why the fda and high cost associated with testing drugs throughly is 100 needed .
these are just a few of the big guys that took the fall . the way my parents tell it , everyone and their ma was either involved or knew someone who was involved in some form of drug smuggling . look up " operation sunburn " and " big pine 29 . "
mark singers nose annoyed me . it was so turned up , you could see his brains . i watched every episode live and could n't get over it .
even if they 'd claim it the brits would have just found a way to cheat them out of it .
i 'm not shocked . i knew lots of people that could ( and did ) use cocaine recreationally unfortunately , i was n't that person .
oh ya made a long journey , from milan to minsk
that 's because mormonism is already a hell for women .
i was going to say five .
i guess this was a prickly subject for him .
omg and there 's also no redditors who have commented on this thread . what happened to all the commenters ...
somebody hit the afterburners !
one that targets everyone under a certain iq
til jon hamm has been to st louis .
( ( ( ) ) )
it worked in dresden and berlin in 1945 , and fire bombing killed more people and destroyed more in japan than the two nukes did . so your statement is definitely not true , bombing was the ultimate demoralizer , maybe just not for u . k .
it s funny because the bit that s supposed to be kazakhstan was filmed in romania .
you done goofed . you mentioned the weather , now everyone is going to chime in .
that 's like yankee doodle dandy being played for an american instead of the anthem .
do you want a war henry viii ? because this is how you start a war .
they should know , you can send a letter of apostasy . i sent mine some years ago , feels good to be a heathen even on paper .
so underfunded german shelters just leave doggo to starve on the streets instead of a quick painless death ?
it was built during the depression . cheap labor and plenty of it .
no , someone who 's currently doing the conga
they 're organizing into sleuths apparently
gro ce ries ?
give me the old razzle dazzle how can they see with sparkles in their eyes ? richard gere
95 of the time they give me the can and cup with ice .
hahahahahaha ... idk why i laughed at this but lol
1l 100cl 1000ml
removed from netflix as of oct 1
so she was emotionally crippled ?
when the shit hits the fan and there 's no tp to clean it up
the stories about rome that made it to china are hilarious , though . it 's like they 're describing another species entirely .
it was a genocide not a famine . www.irishcentral.com news proving the irish famine was genocide by the british tim pat coogan moves famine history unto a new plane 18198447 1 2381611 51
was n't he framed or something ?
passion is 90 of learning the rest is getting through the boring parts when it 's not enough if he can do it , then i can learn music yeahhhhh
most of these mass migrations are instincts
et is gonna be pissed .
i bet he thought twice about committing war crimes again after that !
silly question inbound : no i did n't look , but did he make enough appeances this pl run to earn it ? i can only think of a few subs and maybe 2 starts .
itt : people who have no idea how evolution works .
uefa should change their rules now : fa winners should also get a place in cl s
r dolphinconspiracy
it also did n't help that the concept behind desani ( selling bottles of tap water ) had been the plot of an episode of only fools and horses .
i was gonna say that the speed of light existed so that we could n't wreck the computer by going faster than it could render the new chunks . but i like your idea more cause it 's more science y
and 100 of them are americans . happy 4th .
i 'm just here for the free crack
cartwright ?
thats where gucci mane went to prison
honestly if you take a look at any other beverages other than diet beverages , heavy whipping cream , and water . we add sugar to all other beverages . as an american it was never something i noticed until i started a low sugar and low carbohydrates diet .
i read that as schmidt von jack nicholson and was really confused .
waiting for the dubstep remix now .
stirring the same pot can also be called tunnel buddies .
well apparently his dad had a really big hammer ... there was a til about this
anyone remember if this is the same video you could unlock in one of the tony hawk games ?
a lot of people are just collectors , especially wealthy people . based on what weapons have been released some of those rifles cost upwards of 3000 . a lot of wealthy gun owners will see something new and just think " hey that 's cool i 'll buy one "
they sure as hell do n't get inspired by basement dwelling trolls like yourself .
those nasa spacesuit helmets are pretty damn expensive also
' ' in urdu also means ' defeated ' .
how about as a module ( __url__ ? ) for neverwinter nights 2 ? i 've installed it , works great .
i loved going to argonia as a kid . the red thing at the playground that you push and pull and it spins you around was awesome as a kid ! that and the pinewood derby races that most of the town showed up for .
u wiiman 513 is only 4 years old .
he also plugged " nike " before he died . gotta keep your sponsors happy .
thank you for this info .
conservative movie ? it 's just a movie . what the hell are you talking about .
i mean it 's not a category but that 's why they have culling hunts for like deer in state parks and such .
seeing as he 's from middle class suburban los angeles , i doubt he was ever much of a banger .
one major exception to the one child law was if you had a daughter . you could appeal to the town proctor and most were given " another try " because having a girl did n't count .
yeah just shows how little they actually give a shit when it does n't benefit them
nothing bad ever happens to the kennedys !
like when the simpsons got better when they started focusing on homer instead of bart ?
" lem nis scate " ? phonetically ?
i made a clean up version some times ago : __url__ ( edit : my phrase was all wrong because i typed it on my mobile while half awake ... sorry ! )
muff divers club
what was she suppose to be the bouncer ?
or die in crippling pov 3rty
could you imagine the shit storm if a presidential pet so much as broke the fingernail on a child in today 's world ?
i thought that was one of aesops fables , not a fairy tale ?
i used to have the action figure toys when i was a kid . i wish i still had them .
according to some people i 've spoken with on reddit a lack of evidence just means there is nothing to say it 's wrong either .
lincoln 's wife had a wooty !
like the lanisters ?
yes trini ( where i 'm from ) . trinis prefer rihanna imo . we do n't blast a lot of nicki down there .
and in modern times , we do n't consider it infanticide until it 's born .
every time he says " i got a rock " , my brain immediately follows it up with dee snider yelling " rock ! "
it was pretty interesting to see prescott and hislop get into it a bit on hignfy too , i can n't remember which series though .
1 . be unattractive 2 . do n't be attractive . 3 . have high standards . problem solved . edit : step 3
lad
so like , china has a secret plan to excavate his pyramid in the event of war with russia ? checkmate !
wait , keiko was a dude ? i always assumed keiko was a female since keiko it 's a girl 's name .
not necessarily in terms of percentage of serial killers caught . some serial killers have nicknames by the police media before they 're caught . other times the cops might not even link an actual serial killer to most of their victims .
there was a pitfall ! cartoon i remember seeing a few times as a kid ... just remembered that .
i was thinking a participation trophy .
legit phone number that is live
come on , it 's 2017 . are we still shaming beavers for their natural behavior ?
0 i mean , look below you and tell me how tall the floor is ? its 0 .
wed be more like super california just less taxes .
does he still eat fruits , potatoes , rice , bread , or anything that 's not low glycemic ? he might already be cancer if he is n't .
lol at ' volataire ' the volatile version of voltaire . he must been pissed at that suggestion of redemption .
it was the babushka lady in conjunction with umbrella guy , and aliens .
just in case folks do n't know this gem . __url__
that 's some ramsey bolton shit .
i 've lived in different areas of new york , bay area , and seattle . i 've never heard it used that way by an american
the world 's largest by volume and deepest lake is located in southern russia . lake baikal .
most of mine at the moment and no regrets either
i can not be racist if i hate everybody .
tbf there was a soviet spy though
i 'd much rather be in a helicopter than an airplane if the engine died flying in a remote location .
basically build times , unit sprites , health etc . up through tiberian sun everything was saved in a text file that you could edit in notepad . i know there was a mutant faction added in tiberian sun with one version you could find online .
budweiser : " hold my ... "
i 've done that with an email account i just created .
i remember seeing a video with gg allin and a prostitute or perhaps groupie putting beer up her ass .
that 's exactly how i know his name , some of my all time favorite movies were produced by the shaw brothers !
a rabid hankering for msg ?
r madlads
he can n't do coke anymore due to his brain trauma and being on meds for it . he still smokes like a chimney , drinks booze and smokes cannabis daily though .
problem is that the people with the alternative medicine do n't call it that , they call just medicine , " natural medicine " or some bs like that . if you do n't know much about the subject you do n't know whom to believe , and before you know it , you 're fucked .
meanwhile , chad and romania do n't give a fuck
i m american but i just buy goya salsa picante
kids are still loving her books .
r thathappend
calculus is just algebra . once you learn the formulas for derivatives and integrals then it 's trivial .
did archer do it lana lana !
went to nagasaki last yr . amazed to see that in their museum memorializing the bombing , there was a timeline on the wall depicting events that led up to the bombing . the time line began after pearl harbor . thus pearl habor was noticeably absent . wth ? !
i spent way too long trying to figure out when and where hurricane richard hit , and who shot op with a crossbow .
jules be an olde salt , and on the seas ' tis leagues by which we measure our travels .
wow
bojack is that you ?
if the laws of your country are informed by religious dogma it 's reasonable and appropriate to give a shit about other people 's religion .
when the korean war heats up , it 's gonna really impact the butane industry .
i 'd turn it down to , until it was changed to ' supreme commander of the british empire ' .
ya no .
this is just being sensible though
like that 's a lot to ask of a dog . that 's as good as a dog can get .
crusader kings ii represent
i loved that scene in the show ! i 'm so glad they kept it in the script .
would n't you smell the smoke the same way you would smell the wasabi ?
you wanna go there ?
i heard that albert einstein failed math right next to him while he did this .
__url__
love those things ! used to make silly patterns with them all the time back when i was younger .
et tu , brute ?
better a head full of zombie than a mouth full of vegemite . ick .
what if you do n't fear god ? i do n't fear lsd . it 's one of my favorite experiences .
i also live in michigan and think it 's really dumb to polite this shit . like , we supplying to most of the us and some other countries ( i think ) so why tf we gotta dump our waste in them . i 'll stop now or i 'd be ranting for like 10 mins .
" also , i need that money to pay for my mistress " little johnny 's dad , because reddit
lol ez
3 1 ? like regular season ? or are we saying they both can make the playoffs ?
there are arab countries it does deal with , and those countries still are below isreal in terms of gdp . israel has free trade with turkey , egypt and lebanon .
homer jay simpson
interesting
nature 's homeless people .
because instead of doing a starving , weakened shuffle they are jaunting along .
massive propping up via the united states .
comcast did n't own nbc until a decade after this movie was made .
it still is of you 're old enough .
question to those who still use it , why do n't you use spotify pandora anything like it ? you like odd music that is n't available from these services ?
you 're a loof
" a black astronaut , cyril ? ? ? thats like killing a unicorn ! " archer
always look on the bright side of death just before you draw your terminal breath
r u cereal ?
he had this phase about 15 years ago where he looked asian . facelift .
it 's not a fallacy . people die within a month of each other on a regular basis . both of my sets of great grandparents did . it happens way too often to just be coincidence . and with the retirement thing , people have long retirements all the time as long as they stay active .
only family considered good in whole city . father offered daughters to a horny mob for raping . daughters take turns date raping father .
moral of this story is do n't tell people to believe in themselves
it was pretty strange when i heard her speak german the first time cause she doesnt sound like her german voiceactor at all ...
there is nothing on reddit i see as often as a post or comment than this piece of trivia . i think i hate guinea pigs and or switzerland out of spite now .
sounds like utah lol
i think being christian metal made them an easy target for a lot of people . edit : my bad , i was thinking of stryper .
is n't it mosaic ? and i 'm not even that old
my coffee was spilled this morning fucking russians , state of my floor now !
i can n't decide which figure i 'd like to see decrease more .
do you know why columbus does n't have a good nfl team ? because then cleveland will want one .
you could consider that a public health service donation .
af firmative .
i , too , have been browsing r moviedetails .
look everyone ! iranians are today 's bad guys tm
is that why monsanto is poisoning them ?
well that 's why we have the right to bear arms . it 's only fair .
do n't forget id software , makers of doom .
damn it , the rich and powerful get away with everything .
so by comparing the schr dinger 's cat to the glass half empty question are you saying that it 's just a matter of how you look at it ?
how much is 115 sailors adjusted to current population ?
9 years ago i was only 2 3 s as old as i am now . a lot has changed since then
haha , came here to make sure this was mentioned . gotta love til
by odin 's beard ! i did n't know that .
baaahhh !
is his vision heat based ?
liam nisson can play the surviving seal .
me right
yeah i 'm sure it has nothing to do with the lack of civilian massacres by them post ww2
and everyone in wisconsin applauded and laughed .
lol why ? it 's called birth control before modern science .
or pretty much anything involving their ip that they are not involved in even when it benefits them .
so ... we can eat them ?
slams head on coffee table .
more use glenn close 's character in fatal attraction .
man , i love moxie .
get into character
( )
big leagues
better than " dipshits . "
were you by chance at the lowell observatory today ? i ask because that is the observatory that discovered pluto and i happened to be there today as well .
i 'm really surprised to see how much people does n't take the time to look at a map .
okay . oh good . oh shit
that 's a nice little siege you got there . would be a pitty if it were crushed by the biggest cavalry attack in history .
the italian job ! ! !
the paddy wagon just pulled up ! everybody scram , ya hear me , scram !
this is bad history .
and right until they stopped making them , aussie cops had ss commodores and xr8 falcons ( hell i think they even had hsvs at some point . )
i miss stop motion in movies . one of my all time favorite scenes
i can n't believe he 's 61 ... man , i feel old .
" leakyfax "
i think you guys mean vodak .
kyouto toukyou not quite in their language .
every time i see one my first thought is " new mexico or jerk ? "
if my dad drank wine from custom filled diet coke cans , i would know that he was a ... complete alcoholic freak .
oh you too have read the 5838495993 daily comments on reddit stating this .
he called it jesus juice so he could get children drunk .
in college you drink handles then move back down to fifths once you graduate .
mergers always involve competing companies and separate entrepreneurs . it would be weird if the same entrepreneur created two companies to compete against himself and it was only after his death that someone else bought and merged them . that would interest me .
also dr . phil . but yeah oz is a real doctor who is a scammer as a side gig .
i noticed you were sad , so here 's a picture of a happy doggo ! let 's turn that :( into (: __url__
they can remember everything they 've ever touched . raccoons have been shown to have a very strong love for the sensation of touching with the hands . little buddies even like it more if the hands are moist .
here 's a great cover from snakefinger __url__ . on this album he goes through most of the history of blues and emulates tons of blues artists and their styles .
mick mars is hanging on by a fucking thread
pretty much an open secret by this point .
it is undesirable , but the fact that they 've been in f1 long enough to have that many races shows that they are good drivers ( better than being the forgotten rookie who does n't get a seat after their first season )
some historians believe that . other historians believe that the battle was not that significant .
was n't it iran who forced homosexuals to do a sex change ? or was it only transgenders ? edit : saw the other post stating this . i am so sorry i did not read further .
why are ibises in australia such dicks , yet everywhere else they are pretty chill ? __url__ __url__
and at which time they decided not to pay any taxes .
another got post , sheesh
well fuck .
mmmmm . tasty , psychoactive urine trails .
the grey nurse loansharks do n't actually want to hurt you , so they delay it as much as they can .
but we still call it a boner anyway ...
well for that neither the raw eggs nor the milkshake would work very well ...
is the purple in the sky actual clouds of wine you can inhale ? cause that would be nice .
sounds more like renfield than the emperor
and yet , we keep fighting the wrong wars
i mean , technically , most actions and changes slow or speed up the rotation of the earth . just depends on by how much .
it is called filibusting your ankles .
... and normal children for whom the vaccine simply did n't work .
__url__
" holy shit do i have a tip for you guys "
bit of a scallywag you could say
i wanna upvote but you 're at 69 which is too perfect for this .
but he did ally with the central powers so i guess he got over it
looked pretty cool inside tbh advert showing the house
those comments are both hilarious and confusing .
there are still high paying entry level jobs if you 're willing to work in shitty situations . there are also jobs waiting tables where you can make 50 hr if you 've got the right spot and you 're any good at your job .
my first and only gild is was from when i told people i wipe my ass like captain morgan
battlestar galactica .
pain
the little kamikaze that kould .
he did n't just get a degree , he practiced for a brief period of time before getting out of it .
you know how many hot dogs 20 can buy ?
partner of the man from u.n.c.le . i remember that show because i am very old . )
im googling who gilbert gottfried is .
jesus , that guy was a sack of shit
yeah we 've all been there .
dats called a two six in canada , eh . 26oz 750ml fifth
given infant mortality rates and probability of human conception at the time of genghis khan i wonder if the math people of reddit could determine the number of times he fucked .
well , you know china . stifling political dissent since the 1950s .
wow , that was a fun ride on the trigger train . that 's the hive mind for ya !
almost every decent chinese university have a building named yifu
i like your hat .
except your liver .
what a nice fucking guy , should the us be facing war crimes for taking that sexy man out ?
i guess the point to be made was that one person can make a big impact , even if for a short while , on a big corporate if you fuck with him bad enough . the human determination is truly a hard thing to match
he was a real jerk !
indian removal was passed 101 97 in the house with 15 members not voting .
your going to have to shove these memes waaaaaaaaaaaaaay up your ass m m morty .
the only way he could 've won the championship was with another win at suzuka with schumacher out of the points .
and then he spend it in cocaine .
jesus christ , i thought it was just me that was confused .
iran is actually more progressive on trans issues than it is on gay issues .
they probably are n't measure hours worked by the 50 of the country on the dole .
true ?
this . i do n't remember the spunk thing at all , and i 'd have been 25 at that stage so it 's not like a vague childhood memory . i do remember one of the papers calling it peckham spring and printing knockups of del boy with some dasani .
dudes just trying to earn a living ... i bet some people liked those movies lol ...
we 're not . may i ask why ?
the cats all stayed home on 9 11
ha . but all eps get trimmed .
considering most of them volunteered for it , i 'd say the odds are low .
this is not true __url__ and you do n't have the facts that you are saying
not nearly as much as they hate vegans lol
a crummy commercial ? son of a bitch !
til soapboxes are on sale , and almost everyone in this thread are eager to try them out .
come on ... he 's a " rocket man " ) nudge nudge
you could film a fishtank for 30 minutes and it will rank 5 if its in between all in the family and mary tyler moore .
for those of you who have n't seen his audition
this link was posted a month ago , but for an entirely different reason and title . i hope that 's ok .
the movie is really probably the best it gets . just great music . fucking oscar nominated music .
it is .
my dogs look at me like i 'm some sort of wizard , knowing that i can fix whatever problem they have . i 'd feel horrible giving them the helpless look .
hint : it 's because they 're not overly shiny like everything else cgi these days .
he changed the damn game too .
monster magnet powertrip they literally say those words .
i once ordered a rattlesnake shake
you get used to it . i do n't even see the sanskrit . all i see is blonde , brunette , redhead ...
next you 'll tell me gorillaz are n't really cartoon characters .
put this on r civ
an ingenious law , really . it significantly increase supply of booty calls in an asymmetrical market .
that would be a useful talent for marathon runners pee and run at the same time . maybe nike can develop special fabrics for that purpose .
as a single female with no kids , i advise everyone to never have children .
or " call me maybe "
do you think charitable organizations in gotham have caught on that the best thing that can happen to them is to be targeted by a supervillain , because it 's great press and bruce wayne inevitably hands you a kajillion dollars the week after ?
did you pay the iron price ?
not exactly the war ended at some moment so those who had luck would be out of it .
it 's literally billboards , who gives a shit ? unless you 're trying to preserve beauty or something like the other 4 states
lol the memo refers to a " pecking order , " glad to see someone was having fun with it
do we have any of these low alcohol beers in the u . s . ?
here 's why every " reincarnation " story is bullshit . no one ever says , i am a reincarnation of a baby that lived a month before dying of typhus , even though most humans that have ever lived would fall into category of infants who never made it to adulthood .
they are allowing them in pr , you know an island that was still hit but is doing slightly better . usvi are beyond fucked , i dont see how anyone thinks adding more people is going to end well for anyone .
fellow mother of a 7 year old son . i can commiserate . we 're going to have an interesting time in another 8 9 years .
caroll spinney ( big bird ) was supposed to be in the challenger , but the big bird suit would n't fit . he talks about it in the documentary " i am big bird . "
i guess it happens but i often see 0.33 l instead . etc .
i learned to do this on command in grade school from a friend , we called it " lurching " . years later i can hit a target fairly accurate from like 5 feet lol . sour candy makes doing this much more easy and you get a longer and stronger " stream " .
no soup for you ! next !
what did the romans ever do for us ?
a star is born .
plenty of journalists get killed years after their reveal . mafia in sicilia is known for that . the point is as much to make an example as grim reminder for other journalists , as well as good ol retribution .
two for the road is a great movie , in all aspects from screenplay to cast ... but very much underrated . ( and it would have been fun to watch gregory peck as her co actor in this ... )
why are the french trying to steal our leagues ? give them back , french .
somehow , when i tell people this i do n't get the point across as well
the only perfect rock n roll album . rock in peace , malcom young .
climate change
i wonder if there is a semi super villain called the nap slapper , who goes around slapping people who are taking naps .
i was unaware low yield nuclear weapons had a vote
there was a band in the 90s called the negro problem .
does it count nuclear as renewable ?
will always upvote this . shoutout r rudygay ... i mean r atlantahawks
the german title of the book translates to " 20.000 miles under the sea " i wonder if they had to change some of the plot as well to match the title .
no soup for you ! ! !
yuge writer .
texans are a different breed
til why i 'm still single . it 's odd to find in my country an ber skinny 6 ' 6 " guy who is pale enough to make people think gondor is calling for help when he goes out in the sun .
it looks pretty dangerous . but then again ...
people are really going overboard with these puns , you hit the nail on the head
he actually ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti . the must have left that part out of the story . source : the orca is my psychiatrist
ahh fuck here we go ...
predation and scavenging are pretty big in australia . corpses do n't lay around for long .
... inside a minecraft game .
scrub
i know it says that the window can roll down to pay tolls , but the source is the daily mail . i find it hard to believe that they have to stop for tolls . seems like a security risk .
i worked at west coast amusements for a time , tim worked on the same unit as me , but i 'd never met him . i 've heard lots of good things though .
i 'm in the camp that pelicans are asshole dinosaurs , that chase mama ducks scooping up babies .
that does n't mean we should fuck with them anyway though ! they are aggressive and freaky if you have ever seen one .
the one hero of humboldt state !
was there a mutara nebula in moby dick ?
oh so they pull a tom cruise ... good cover
and the most swedish speaking area is in finland hammarland . weird , but true .
so the word " mile " comes from the latin for " one thousand " . huh . til
damn , have a feeling we will be loosing stan soon .. heartbreak syndrome is no joke . i hope he has some support to get thru this time we still need you stan !
i think this is why i always hated milk when i was a child . it was always too sweet . as an adult i love milk , but i only buy whole milk .
he 's also an honorary accessory to murder for " sussudio . "
an actor ? doing lots of coke ? no !
' til penis blows apart .
did they drink two beers before shooting ?
125,000 ? it 's a cool costume but that seems a tad high .
reichstag fire , here we come !
how 'd the album do ?
i wonder if weightlessness helped or hindered her recovery phase after that run ? would her muscles ache more or less afterwards ?
the us is still a net population loss currently by birthrate . only immigration keeps population increasing .
i just watched an episode from defcon about barcodes . this is bullshit . they were invented decades before the 70 ' s for use on train cars . edit : the title is referring to the first scanned universal product code , not the first barcode .
it was also used in the love guru when mike myers gives mariska hargitay a scale model of the courthouse .
glances at the jenner ad oh , how far we 've come ...
what are they gonna do , shoot me ?
youngstown ohio has the foster .
me too . i mean , how else do you sign on to windows and onedrive ... and my windows phone
hitler did not take this well .
you can take the man out of the ghetto , but you can n't take the ghetto out of the man .
so sad :(
jeez , 19 years ago .
i don t know what a mexican hat dance is , but i imagine it s like a mexican yankee doodle , so i can understand why he d be pissed .
it 's where i learned to swim !
also , san francisco is home to a temple devoted to this very god . __url__
humanity is still not ready for the communication level that the internet has brought to it . we are witnessing the growing pains of opinion sharing on a global level .
how could you even tell ?
not me
yuck . so much yuck .
how 's that shit end ? suicide or shootout ?
how ironic .
it was really a miracle he got caught .
oh , i 'm sorry ... did i just bugger the queens fish ? bit clammy innit ?
you know my ex ?
since we are basing opinions on hear say here 's a link for you . i think you might have something with your rock solid theory __url__
i believe that was used at a movie theater to advertise the movie .
must be able to shotgun a beer in 30 seconds and drink a 24 pack in 12 hours ...
anthony hopkins did it .
if its the same as the stuff i read when i was a kid in portugal then you are right . loved those comics , dont remember them being " cutesy "
you 've obviously never heard of german efficacy before .
how many other activities are you repressed about ?
wow . rough thing to learn . sorry about your life in prison .
it was a bright cold day in april ...
was it the cup winners cup that had the record before ? iirc , that was never won two years in a row by the same team .
did she prefer white guys , black guys , or guys like frank gorshin or lou antonio in star trek ... ?
a brief clip
if they avoided obvious places , slowed their airspeed and wagged their wings i doubt they would n't have been shot down .
and they are now changing district of columbia drivers licenses to say washington dc because so many people outside the area thought they were fake : __url__
you need another edit for that .
hire talent over a hard worker ?
marijuana was frowned upon .
lance corporal is that you ?
fuck him
what is your shtoile ? ? ?
damn you , that 's just too much .
the more tils i see , the more i realize how ignorant most people are .
just because there is a screenplay doesnt mean they will make it
you could take that kidney stone , and put it in a clam . after that kidney stone becomes a pearl , you could put it on a ring , and have the most beautiful and meaningful engagement ring ever .
it might be because she talks out of one side of her mouth . kind of like sylvester stallone .
play stupid games ...
kinda like how elvis used to give out cadillacs like they were candy .
can you say stalin did nothing wrong though ?
she was just saying what most customer support workers are already thinking .
the solution is to train your cat to use the toilet .
dad . stop .
one of the best characters in the whole trilogy , perfectly encapsulates the flawed nature of man but also the spirit that drives us to do good . to this day , i still can n't watch his downfall with dry eyes .
til banana wars is the name of an actual conflict that occurred in central america
holy shit i remember this ! i thought i was nuts .
and now pepsi as a company has more sales than coke
the patriots are 29 5 against the bills since 2000 .
i 'm pretty sure she did nothing at all and this entire bullshit is a publicist story .
until you insert it and the waveform collapses ?
here 's a good site for quick info on america 's generations
chiayna ftfy
it was a show about newman 's plans for global domination constantly getting thwarted .
120 vs 300 .
that is so badass . he knew that he accomplished the immortalization of sound and rolled in it . i love him now .
ingvar kamprad ?
it 's all in the purple carrots .
turbo encabulator
my god i 'm crying from laughing so hard
this made me exhausted and stressed just reading
drugs are illegal
explains why trump won all of those but new mexico !
you need to slut it up .
ctrl f pic
no no , just the ginger fucked the ostrich ! ... allegedly .
an example of why just because something is a tradition does n't make it right
shutup zeus , we 're making the movie .
whoa , why
nope .
stolen goods . stolen goods . pay . the court . a fine . or server your sentence . stop !
so he is the illusive man ! i always found his voice so recognisable but could n't put my finger on it . you might even call it illusive .
round of 16
dasani is the nastiest water i 've ever tasted .
bravo sir !
can confirm . my kids always got mail back from santa , with this postal code on the envelope . one more reason to love canada .
that sounds like the best game of capture the flag ever .
so basically greased up deaf guy ?
infamous is when you 're more than famous .
if only johnny cash remembered the power saw .
they attract control freaks .
9 hours ago : __url__
your 19 year old still says shit like that ? i thought that 's a 13 16 years old thing
well , a ) it was a quote from the show , so arguing the point is a bit silly , and b ) in mexico , you speak spanish , so your opinion of the social connotation surrounding the english word " meal " is n't super duper valuable in relation to what you do in mexico .
it also corresponds to the british pub dialect " you 're a cunt , mate " , which means , literally , " nice game , buddy , how about another beer ? "
fat boy , anyone ?
kimi 's 2003 season is very underrated . better than even his 2005 or his wdc year .
oh man . let 's not get started on cointelpro
this article written by a well informed iranian rather disagrees that mossaddegh was " liberty loving " . __url__
more like bestern conference
the father of shem , mo , and curl
imagine how kerr must have felt when he realized his intern let the bees escape .
defenestration is a capital offence .
i heard if you bring her your car for an inspection she tries to upsell you tires and brakes .
huh . and i always thought it was a metaphor for the land of the lotus eaters .
permanently ...
johnny knoxville said steve o could never make it as a clown because he looked scary and creepy as fuck in clown makeup . i could see that . source : professional idiot .
" the dust bowl contributed significantly to the depression . " i 'd like to know more .
whyyyyyyyy though , it 's not even that fucking good . god damn .
not to non english kids , especially not before the internet was this connected between countries ( think facebook , reddit ) . i can tell you that , lol . never made the hot male or html connection before . maybe html though now i think of it
i 'd regret i did n't bring a knife .
you are not alone here . i was accessing the internet through aol on a 9600 baud modem .
spoiler alert : not well
would that be the almost half that voted to remain maybe ?
lol
it was a very good movie . people should make more of those !
propaganda works both ways
he was too good for this world , so he decided to live in another one simultaneously .
filthy casuals are coming !
what does that even mean , you 're supporting edison ... ?
lol . when i was younger i used to suck on the head of match sticks . it tasted salty and sweet to my younger self .
same here . lived in toronto all my life and the path is confusing .
the finale was real , and spectacular .
hugo boss with black model and jewish customers ... nice
insert bob saget half baked clip
jesus christ , so much penis in that movie :
after a brief once over of the guy 's wiki i hope it was commercially successful and that fact really annoyed harrison , mccartney and lennon .
once ! scared the shit out of me ... never scared me that much abroad ... interesting to think about ...
the president of a church council in kansas ? i 'd guess that most churches are n't exactly keeping current with the latest and greatest technology .
you dare speak to boo ?
if i were to play these for the first time should i play the original first or jump straight into the sequel ?
starfox and kiby tilt and tumble come to mind .
" that 's as big as 600 mcg 's ! " infographics in australia .
i am surprised it made a profit at all . most movies do n't regardless of box office .
no but i have dasani
ben franklin'ing over here , eh ?
who 's rem ?
i thought die hard with a vengeance was originally scripted for lethal weapon ?
someone once told me something that made a lot of sense . would n't an airport be a prime target during some kind of " new world order " upheaval ? might not be the greatest place to hide your secret base .
not only that , where they trying to teach them a lesson or something ? that 's the dumbest thing i 've read this week
opposite of the dilbert principle funnily enough . __url__
well no shit , it happened during in the middle of world war ii , especially it did n't help the fact japan bombed pearl harbor and bringing the united states to war to begin with , not to mention the torture of american pows .
you forgot hookers , and who needs the blackjack
but but but communism socialism works ! ! ! 1 ! 111 ! 11 ! 1 ! ! 1eleven ! 1 ! ! 1 ! 1 ! 1 ! 1111 ! ! !
and the lesson , ladies , is that it does n't matter if it 's five of five hundred years , you fool around , you will eventually get caught .
stoop
that needs a nsfl tag .
i 've got a " great " considering my area near a major city in the midwest us , 60 5 for 70 a month , though after a year it 'll jump to 110 ... which is still 20 less than the next best competitor who only offers 18 1 for 125 at my house . with a 200gb cap
yeah this is the citizenship test right ? i do n't i was born here so i can only assume
i still cannot get past the fact that he 's from stoke on trent . the most drab , dismal , grey shithole on the planet ... outside of lancashire .
not so fast . what about stationary objects .
i just learned of it from this post .
he 's a smart man that 's not why we 're here .
the family runs a cross country ski lodge with a great brewery that makes bavarian style beers . pretty awesome stuff . check it out : __url__
strangely enough , wenger was the first manager from outside the uk to win a league title .
omg how did you know ? !
chip and pin ? what about fish and cushion ?
this sounds like something a redditor would do once it dawned on them , just to show off their loophole awareness .
not a fruitarian or even a vegetarian , but i eat a ton of fruits . is that bad for my pancreas in and of itself , or is that only because of some kind of deficiencies from eating only fruit ?
ferguson won more titles than all the other managers combined . wow .
they got booty .
press f to pay respect f
" the earth was blue , but there was no god . " i first heard that in metal gear making reference to gagarin 's flight . never knew if it was an actual quote or not .
i liked season 5
note that the liver of a great white shark makes up about 30 of its weight . " only its liver " is a bit off .
they can be remotely controlled via a hand held device . in that case , they should be hackable .
what was will be . what will be was .
the only hot sauce
thank you for sharing your story . you 're an inspiration to many people and the technology you were discussing sounds amazing . i 'll be doing some research .
and animals , some of the teeth came from animals
you 're new here , are n't ya
he was also only doing a segment on nightclub safety because 3 days earlier 21 people had died at the e2 nightclub in chicago because of a stampede .
i literally ( yes literally ) just came back from the doctors a few hours ago , and got diagnosed with longitudal melanoma in my toe , thankfully it 's not in my skin
my family has one of the box sets with baldur 's gate and icewind dale i think we got it for all of 10 . i have n't played all of the games , but i found them pretty fun , and the storylines were engaging .
this album was so bad i had it removed from my itunes account after paying for it ( no credit ) just so that it would n't show up and be accidentally downloaded again .
professor jumblidoe .
if that worked do n't they know songs would be full of advertising ffs ...
just because you are not accepted into a group , does n't mean you are wrong . it just means they do n't like you .
gotta boil em , good to know )
my faucet was leaking . looked it up and it was a home depot brand one . called up their 1 800 number and they sent me replacement ones for free .
kicking competition every week . sturgis has been reliable .
the sun is a deadly lazer
i saw maiden perform around six or seven times between 1998 and 2010 , and i can confirm that they do this after every show ( or , at least they used to ) .
are we talking about evil hitler or good hitler ?
that is one of my absolute favorite movies ! it really was quite a realistic love scene lol .
partially sprinkled on the moon
only a sith deals in absolutes
this like 20 years later and i 'm just finding out this is possible .
does n't the first one beat the purpose of having a code in the first place ... 1 . decide your own life , do n't let another person run or rule you .
which is why people who call wallpaper a screensaver are fucking retards .
every day something shows up that makes me thankful for my vasectomy adding this one to the list
i had to check the comments to see if anyone else just made this connection . that was a great episode .
should 've just renamed themselves to big milk
fuck snoop . he never replies to my emails .
you would think that a civil lawsuit against her would be an option though .
to be fair , alchemy sounds wacky because we have 400 years of figuring it out that it does n't work .
typically . but more importantly " 20,000 leagues deep " would be completely through the planet and out in space above the other side . one wonders how small a " league " would have to be in order for 20,000 of them to be an impressive , but possible depth .
zillow says my house is worth 580k . it was estimated at 380k when i refinanced last year . i mean , i know the market has been pretty good where i am , but c'mon .
must be making a killing from the museum i would think ?
that goth kid on the subway got everyone reading the wikipedia page for " raven "
oh now i understand why people randomly wrote " hung " without any explanation . i just copied it from wiki so i did n't even bothered to think about the past tense form
thanks .
this . this fashion trend can come back .
good thing lambert testified to what they wanted and only got a 4 year sentence .
how urgent was the parcel ?
i watched the documentary . it started out as a way to honor his wife . but then he claims he was a type of artist , using technology to create more perfect versions of the recordings .
i think that 's part of the appeal .
this is why we need steve the firefighter . he was at 9 11
i had it as my text sound on my first cell phone in 7th grade
the extended versions completely changed the trilogy for me .
it we otherwise like someone , we overlook their faults . that 's just how people roll . and no , it 's not consistent , and not necessarily principled , though it could be ok depending what the good things were relative to the faults . but it is what it is .
and his pronunciation of gulag was so bad i almost thought we was talking about something else .
sorry bud but nasa is using metric system .
there is as yet insufficient data for a meaningful answer
robbie rotten
must be lucky . spectrum is horseshit where i live . 140 m for 10 10 speed and basic cable package that does n't include any normal channels like mtv , vh1 , comedy central , etc . they bought out time warner and ruined it .
i mean , they can n't be outrun , considering they 're as fast as horses .
he was also a lover of the dank .
so ... you spear a guy and automatic karma doom ? not cool , god . not . cool . edit : seriously . this guy does n't even get a saving throw ! !
tomato sorters have a different method __url__
sweet zombie jesus ...
ok guys , we get it . you call them party plates .
the value does seem to be going down at the minute , but i 'm hoping it does n't go all the way back to 1209 level as i need to buy some singapore dollars soon .
skyrim had it right !
well those lyrics are rather ... aggressive .
you 'll shoot your eye out
they caught her the next day and launched with a dog named malyshka ( baby )
meanwhile in japan
dude was an alchemist , he wanted to have the gold counterfeit market to himself and went out of his way to eliminate competition . of course , this factoid is part of a larger series of my historical conspiracies .
that 's a george carlin quote
and the other 2 3 would refuse to believe a good thing about it even if it were true .
you mean the prince of fucking darkness .
oh my fuck
yeah i 'd say this is something more of the case of we have n't studied everything . " that we know of " is a valid statement .
my destiny !
this scene was in the paul giamatti john adams series . it was intense af also according to the show benjamin rush performed the op . idk if that 's true or not though .
science says :
they could n't tell if it was chance or an intervention , and decided to play if safe , so as to not to step on larger toes .
anyone else feel that the title does n't make sense . they swim for max of 6 hours , at a max speed of 1 mile per hour , but can travel 30 miles ?
yeah , with fucking arrows and spears , going in with only 10 warriors sounds fucking stupid . i walk around the forest with a fucking 45 cal 1911 , even that ai n't gonna do shit other than piss it off .
i feel like i 'd want a quick way out , cyanide pill or something , in case anything went wrong . death by drowning scares me to no end , especially in such claustrophobic spaces .
yeah , from louisiana for instance
more than that , you seem to think we are 25 of the population but are a much smaller proportion . china and india each have 3 4 x the population we do .
you can insure anything . my magic cards are insured for thousands of dollars , and those are just decks i play with regularly , not some carefully preserved collection .
can confirm . drinking whiskey , smoking , and not working
you try telling that to the fundies ...
not a huge surprise . " i got another child on the way that makes eleven " from the song how many more times
confession : i envisioned reindeer seeing all of these things from the sky . now i 'm sad that they 're always on the ground .
i used to play the nes game it spawned too . made no sense since you spent most of the game shooting fish to collect sea shells , but i was obsessed with killing jaws when i was a kid .
i 've got an ongoing bet , thats been set since 98 that keith richardd would die before slash . no hard feelings to em , great guys , but it ' still a nice betting game
" i named it after you honey , i swear "
i would use ' unintentionally ' .
fucking updates every god dam day is more like it . designed by adobe
what is game of thrones ?
just like this site
and yahoomail was called yahoomail because it was made by yahoos .
yeah was n't it shown that dolphins can tell another dolphin how to do a specific trick to get a reward ?
ok ... the weeaboo neckbeardism has gone full neckbeard . i tip my fedora to thee .
skandinav pls
ayyyyy 906 checkin in !
for once , today was not the day i learned that
" do a flip ! "
or as i like to call it , a typical wednesday .
anybody else see her landing strip in the yellow bikini shot ? just me ?
it 's jann wenner 's hall and he 's not much into prog rock
ah , the pitfalls of a culturally heterogeneous society .
we 'll be great because of our yolo swag .
and yet the us fails to solve about 1 3 of all murders every year less than most first world countries .
currently drinking out of a ball state cup ! and i graduated 10 years ago ...
ive trained tons of girls like that . quit after 3 weeks .
she then used the rest of that money to fund northern irish paramilitary groups
there was a tribe of turkic steppe nomads who did convert to judaism . khazars .
fish too ?
i want to believe you but we all know finland does n't exist . r finlandconspiracy
so it was basically a newton ?
suddenly the beginning of the video for mr . brightside makes a bit more sense .
he also tried to burn the middle east
eye of newt
maybe from gagging .
" mistakenly "
copeland is incredible .
and if they have reddit in those days , some would complain that pepsi is " virtue signalling " and that they should " keep politics out of my soft drink " .
i just do n't see how they are going to pull it off without making it seem pretentious , hence the humour . horns are not meant to be polite . maybe a bell ring like on a bicycle , except it 's loud enough so that people you are n't already passing can hear it .
fagot or faggot ? two different things lol
what breed ?
what features can we expect in the 2.0 build ?
look mom no hands !
because it was a bad engine .
chlorine and fluorine both are much stronger oxidizers than than oxygen but chlorine triflouride is a liquid , making it especially aggressive .
my precious bodily fluids .
yeah , jackson was a big hero in the war of 1812 at the battle of new orleans . without his help , we might 've made america great britain again .
we would call him a party animal .
i remember reading at the time it happened that it was precipitated by his break up with kate hudson .
__url__
is n't that the setup for the divine comedy ? satan crashes into earth creating a massive hole that becomes hell and erecting a massive mountain to the antipodal point of the world that becomes purgatory .
im sorry to inform you you are actually a guy .
well i 'm not going to pretend that i am posting this after some comprehensive research however a 30 second google search produced sylvester magee : __url__
he also died a virgin .
watch birdie . my favorite nic cage film
it 's both . shelters are often inundated with aggressive breeds , and they 're more willing to be lax on adoption requirements than on desirable breeds .
it 's been an hour now . rip op .
i somehow read charlie sheen . the thought was weirdly amusing .
crikey !
no . the closest they got to that was when heath ledger spit on jake gyllenhaal 's butthole .
and potassium !
i 'm not the only one envisioning stitch as the arsenalfantv lads am i ? particularly troopz
that 's so texas ! !
even nothing is something
downvoted for prefacing a popular opinion with " unpopular opinion " .
those who fail history class are doomed to repeat it . those who take history majors are doomed to teach it .
that 's one way to interpret it . a more lenient interpretation would be " this particular struggle is important , so our generation has fought it . but i wouldnt want to see it mar multiple generations . "
mine was the fastest indian in the world
there 's a reason wagnerian rock band ' laibach ' covers it : __url__
they also overthrew the kingdom of hawaii for dole and friends .
this article has photos of what the house looked like , prior to renovation . it 's both cool and really , really awful .
it is perhaps the most clever comedy show out there
good ole peckham spring water
also free reign to build kick ass train sets .
perhaps we just think they should n't be patting themselves on the back during an opioid crisis of epic proportions , caused partly by their outright failure to call the makers of oxycontin on their claims of 12 hour efficacy , which led to it being prescribed like candy .
why ? ? ?
i just went and found a pdf of this story . i loved it . thanks .
as an employee of verizon and a father of zero . thanks for keeping us in business .
allegedly
ncis yo momma
and the moral of the story is that muslims suck at thinking up names .
still rude .
this reminds me of the idea i had for a remake of friends . every character would be played by a developmentally disabled person . it would be called " special friends " . all the guest stars would reprise their roles , though .
not alotta peepuhl know dat
they were paid for voting ( for their time ) , so it kind of has todays meaning . those poor were idiots if giving up voting
i was working when the verdict was read , on the way to a job in the work truck . i pulled over on the side of the road to listen to the verdict on the radio , and so did n't many others on the same road . it was weird that we did that , because we could of just kept driving .
it seems like it should be a whole new colour to them .
i hate tang . in the early 70s it came in a glass jar . my mom , single working mother , thought it was better for us than kool aid . but there was only one flavor , punk ass orange . i will never drink tang again .
not a fan of nfc or anything wireless when it comes to money .
are you volunteering ?
amazing what hat happens when you read
and you can play it on an ipad . it 's lovely . not quite the same , though . nothing quite captures the old days in the 90 ' s , staring into a glowing crt monitor .
then why did n't that person just use her sign language that scares away ugly gorillas ?
problem is that they had a large number of boys and much fewer girls . this created a lot of problems and is why the changed it from one to 2 children .
yep ! it 's waschb r in german .
my great grandmother was born in montana territory , if someone attacked her town they would have considered it an attack on the usa .
td is really shilling hard this past week .
reminds me of one video from " the game theorists " . i think it was one about doctor strange . they basically took physics buzzwords and mixed them together . it was painful to watch . they do zero research on the topic ( they could at least ask an expert ) .
exact 78 stories .
antz is way better . loved it as a kid and saw it recently and it still holds up . the old " find your path " clich but we 'll done .
soooo . want me to holla back ?
would you like to come up and see my etchings ?
and the " phone call app " icon on your cell phone is for a telephone handset . who uses an actual telephone handset anymore ?
i always thought mads mikkelsen would of been pretty good .
__url__
sweet sweet corruption .
i think they offered a shower , even a bar of soap !
i heard on the radio a while ago , ( probably npr ) that the dairy lobby was behind the pizza hut stuffed crust " invention " .
just calm down , sir . you 're going to give yourself skin failure !
needs more crowtein
die harder ?
you forgot the part where they were genetic messes .
it is a common misconception that red headed people do n't have souls . in fact , it 's actually the opposite they have a freckle for every soul they steal .
i can n't believe they have a special black forest hat .
i was going to say " he forgot to come up for air " ... but i already read the article
and quite effective at killing white walkers .
famous last words . " what are they gonna do , shoot me ? "
gilbert and sullivan quarreled frequently , and eventually had a massive falling out . their relationship , while not of friends , was often very strained .
still that was why he proposed the electric chair ( and had people riding around nyc wired up with dc lighting )
no matter where he was born , this is true : he had a huge cock .
king of pop ... turns out it was actually wine .
their god is a tough god . bet their kicking themselves about that whole jesus fiasco . he allows people to eat pork and be porked on sunday
damn . when you combine these two comments it reminds me how good they are at pretending the two parties are n't just one party .
2deep7me
i read that again in morgan freeman 's voice and it make it 10x better
man i can n't even write english with both hands t once
it 's the summer of george baby !
best mayor any town in texas has ever had , it did n't impose its views on others , it did n't shoot anything and always ensured that no food or drink went to waste .
if you had that initial thought , how would you even begin to plan the build ?
that was a hilarious episode .
greedy mothers !
so you know how much work it takes to not do any work for a whole day ? :) you get where i am going with this right ? oxymoronic comes to mind . religious people are fun to laugh at .
sadly , only the men from the east had access to advanced rotary attack great eagles
the police would not go on a hunt for anything like that . trust me i 'm dutch .
i 'm curious about the star in front of the moon : anyone know why that is ? i 've seen that other places as well .
__url__
that 's how the world works dude . it 's not all sunshine and cute puppy gifs . even the fbi is prone to do things that are wrong .
watch fox news ?
i used to have a huffy as a kid . no wonder i have n't heard from them in years . it 's awe inspiring to just realize it took too long to know that it went bankrupt .
we adopted from such a shelter . also , the cages used are quite big and have natural ground .
__url__
read that as tiger repellent cock . i like my way better .
partially because nasa 's upgraded crusader was faster and more maneuverable .
the avalanche has already started . it is too late for the pebbles to vote .
wait , i thought everyone had these grooms . don t you have a groom of the stool ?
sounds like the horus heresy all over again
here 's one interesting view
i 've had friends with small wounds on their lips saying they had been bitten moi m by roaches in their sleep . i still refuse to belive it . maybe my roaches had better things to eat . because there was so many of them , they would have rear end me whole .
you just made me check the cards in my wallet . they all have a chip . i 'm sure i can n't say the same for everyone else in the u . s . though .
steam it like you mean it with premium hoi sin sauce
elephants . cats . parrots ...
he was also a dick for trying to separate quebec from canada .
it has very little to do with the pilots , it has to do with the superior capabilities of the aircraft . it can fly higher and faster , and therefore can go where the phantom could not follow .
my first thought on the matter
now that s the business !
it sounds like blizzard needs a reinvention of the wheel .
i mean ... no .
a banana republic .
it 's unreal , if i had to chose between the standard films , and all the extras in the dvd lotr extended box set i 'd chose the other stuff , you start watching it and then boom 4 hours went by . i 've seen the movies plenty and theyre always on tv , this is what ya pay for .
can i see the stitching on the wash tag ?
faux soup .
why are you on board with taxing rich people even less ?
killed two with his bare hands , strangled there with his socks , smashed two heads together , and the other one died of fright . then he ate the bullets for lunch .
she tried going to planned poseidon but they have had their funds cut .
the standard issue pistol held 7 in the magazine and 1 in the chamber so that 's probably where 8 came from .
is n't the latest one the oldest who ever took the throne ?
this guy gets it .
he did n't spend enough on hookers and drugs ?
you 'd be surprised how many things are marketing and not based on anything . " breakfast is the most important meal of the day , " right ? pr campaign .
til terry pratchett made a reference to this in minor gods .
you should go to east anglia if you think lancashire is the biggest shithole in england mate .
trolling the editor
go home hermione
heb does the same thing . they make more money from their property then they do their stores
i 've eaten there ! well ... the pub opposite ... that they also own ... so i have n't really eaten there
thanks mr . lawyer for your expert opinion .
yeah fuck edison , he stole a lot of teslas inventions
nice try .
we need rust cohle to get back to work
__url__
kaaaaaarrrl ! that kills people !
edward zero .
if you had a head that big , your arms would be tiny in comparison to your body too . it 's all weight ratio for balance .
the most american comment in this thread .
as a canadian , i always wondered why we did n't own that part of our mainland ... i guess if they sold it to us , it would have been like selling it to the british . cuz , you know , on ebay we might have gotten it by sniping at the last second .
we have nukes in the surface world , too . they 're not just on subs . who do you think runs the reactors on our carriers ?
why jumping out of a really high ballon would make anyone think someone has a certain political outlook is beyond me .
that website is really , really awful .
that was the first video game i ever played .
100 one of my faves
yoda does n't always talk out of order . several moments in the original trilogy , he speaks normal . i think they overplayed the weird speaking in the prequels , which resulted in some really stupid wisdom coming from yoda .
nice find , it seems crazy that the last time federer was world 1 was when he was 28 ... 8 years ago . and that he is actually in with a chance at returning to 1 this year !
... the venerated virginian veteran ?
anybody interested in finding out more i also recommend mother teresa : the untold story by aroup chatterjee in addition to the hitchens book .
the stars at night
ipso facto , he 's both and none at all
i never knew jarabe tapatio was supposed to be offensive . if i 'm at a party and this song starts playing , no one would be embarrassed or find it funny . the guy was probably just offended that it was the incorrect song
yes , still no luck
i keep confusing 30 rock with 3rd rock from the sun . in my head i kept thinking who the hell is pete hornberger .
corri gino corri !
tries to log into your account
every morning
good find
i actually just learned this the other day while watching pawn stars . it was one of those questions they ask before going to commercial break . they only attributed it to watchmen , though .
ah , so which is the better film ?
hopefully .
hang in there ! give mom a kiss .
ahahahahahahahaha
as a single 25 year old , kids are terrible .
the lion 's den !
enjoy .. blame it on the rain ?
but the french revolution started in 1789 .
that 's some pig .
well in their defense those trailers are supposed to be used for a weekend or 2 a year and spend the rest of the time in the driveway , backyard , or a storage place .
of course in those days they were n't used for papers ...
he also got a blowjob from adriana laserva
watch it in 4k hd , it starts to break down a little but still very impressive even by today 's standards .
did n't realise it was that chronic . 2003 was really one to pull at the heart . especially with james allen 's commentary at the time .
have fun living in labor camp !
__url__
she lived the color purple , got damn .
which pizza place ?
turns out someone came by the next day , and killed the last one for their collection
i wonder what some one the national food recipes would look like
you 're also ignoring the psychological factor
we 've all been there boris
i like your attitude .
nic cage does it because he 's horrible with his money and he has to take just about every role he 's offered just to stay in the black .
the state that could have been named columbia is bordered by british columbia and the columbia river . it all makes sense .
i think you mean congocongoer
guacamaya master race ftw
from what i heard from other celebrities in the music world , lemmy from motorhead was even worse than ozzy and he some how survived as long as he did .
come on . that scene with him in front of the mirror was pure gold ! i 'm just a love machine ... hwah
the universal way of killing something
the guys they cast in the non cgi , no landing pad jumping off building roles keep dying too . spooky .
what sweeping liberal legislation has been passed that 's taken away freedom in response to attacks in modern history ? because the only thing that resembles what you 're saying " liberals are doing " is the patriot act . let 's think for a few minutes about who passed that one .
i 'm a huge fan of the nps . have a national park in town , so i really see the value in them .
ignorance is bliss my friend , anyways it was a story , not meant to be taken as real .
__url__ it 's okay , guys . it 's " art . "
but if you take gdp ( ppp ) , when italy economy is 58 the size of russian . __url__
last stand op
interesting article about the person who popularized shampoo in britain
what is this ? tell me and ill wa
wait i never thought of this , is there any explanation for the speed of light ? ?
it might be even more interesting than a planet of apes !
atmosphere !
hold up this frog has claws ?
fractal sim dimension vectors nearly accessable . standby for uplink . prepare emergency services for cognitive fallout from shock .
good guy jacko . hope he 's dancing with the angels .
kill all the poor , raise vat
" then , bubba said something i will n't ever forget . " " i wanna go home ohh ohh a chinga chong achingaching achong "
spunk was usually high testosterone behaviour , like what someone with a full sack would display
bay area ?
tarkovsky , his wife and anatoly solonitsyn , one of the main actors in the film all died young from the same type of lung cancer .
sounds more like a joke than anything else .
your title is bad and you should feel bad
comments like this make me miss awildsketchappears . :(
is anyone else just amazed will smith is on the jury at cannes ?
even as a staunch remoaner i think this article is a little silly . we have this article from pro eu media when europe looks good , and we will have the opposite articles published whenever europe is in decline . all economies have highs and lows .
they screwed us so we screwed them ?
google " last week tonight : nukes " watch his expose and fear .
check . mate .
after a hard day 's work of herding cattle and plowing the younger men on the ranch , there ai n't nothin ' that hits the spot like a bowl of pudding .
yeah , he actually died of narcissistic personality disorder .
fug all snakes especially venomous one they give me creepy vibes . of all things that life has to evolve , why the fug do they have to evolve things that has venom than can kill you in less than half an hour ?
mexiocs national anthem since nobody els linked it and i wanted to do something useful today .
tbh that cover is my favorite track from nirvana , even though i love several of their original songs .
that 's like 10 12 hours . we 're talking 3 , 4 pm until 2 3 in the morning i 'm guessing . so , yeah ... i probably drink a gallon of ' liquid ' between coffee and water during an 8 hour work day and do n't really think too much about it .
ronry , i 'm misle ronry ... always so ronry pool riddle me !
( )
the japanese are so literal with their names . they call their country " sunrise land "
i used to cook bacon on the grill , put it in bread with sauce and maybe cheese and then put the sandwich into the grill and pour the collected fat onto the bread which is where it belonged imo
nobody thinks wet socks are a big deal until they get a mile into a 20 mile hike .
at least he did something good
probably .
me 3 thanks
dear mother nature , what the actual fuck ? sincerely , a concerned citizen
got news for you buddy ... some people already do
i think my favourite song of " his " is easy lover . him and philip bailey are great together .
protestants can conduct any sacrament .
yup i 've walked away from tripping a warehouses power supply when i really should n't have , have had multiple awake anaesthetic experiences and never have dental staff believe me when i state i need more local in my blocks .
the guy was like russian trump . he was a total disaster for his country .
robin williams cocaine rectal exam let the games begin
financially , they made a pretty solid choice in using their skills to write this cartoon . futurama has grossed over 925 million from fox , comedy central , and netflix .
what about ww2 ?
as a kid i always got confused that the first floor is not the first floor .
it 's as long as my arm , i wish it was as long as something else .
it happens __url__
today you learned this ? you must be fucking retarded .
in all honesty , those that need it would n't give a shit
20 years later . my parents ' house in so cal is worth near a mil now that they bought for 150 200 k back then .
that year was the peak of the conference disparity . the west the toughest it 's ever been and the east was trash . miami arguably was n't even a top 3 team yet got to the finals easily .
i 'll bet you it 's nothing
but raccoons do n't have to worry about paying rent , bureaucracy , the morality of war crimes , climate change , income inequality , or washing your hands after pooping .
because , as we all know , the market is sacred , but humans are just decaying lumps of flesh .
and then plato let out a long sigh . why did diogenes have to be so damned literal about every last thing and not see things in the kind of abstraction necessary for philosophy ? meanwhile digonenes became the spiritual father of redditors ..
the good ol " this thing will keep you alive ... if it works . "
typical american hero ...
watched that episode today actually
eww
it 's always taken my inner problems that i 've been ignoring and held them in front of my face like " see ? ? ? here it is ! ! ! what are you gonna do about it ? ? ? "
what about europe , though ? i 'd expect the u . s . to have a disproportionate amount of " known " ones , but this is still higher than countries that you 'd expect to acknowledge serial killers .
annnd with this , people will no longer want to eat figs ...
look at that fisher . got a real bite there
i 'd be surprised if kentucky were the only state with something lile this
mine is unique
not really . if there 's a genuine emergency that could potentially wipe out the whole population , maybe you might want to splash out for more than one messenger .
could anyone explain me why it 's that bad ?
if you believe in religion , i 'm sure you can do anything .
considering the sun is a big plasma body with intense em radiation all around , is n't it kind of a judgment call what its exact borders are ?
you do n't even need to use ' roos for that . you just need non ruminant livestock . pigs and chickens are n't ruminants they produce negligible methane .
you have to think the first white guy to see a pineapple was unaware of how to eat it .
who do you think was waiting back at the hotel ? he 's not eating an entire pizza alone .
yeah they definitely killed themselves on the anniversary .
oh man i would 've put my hand down at that point
my friends and i had a snowball fight except we used roman candles instead of snow . and cardboard shields instead of forts .
you would explode . but you would set ftd , so its kinda worth it .
seals breathe a sigh of relief .
haha that seems fitting
slap slap slap slap slap slap slap everyday it 's a gettin ' closer ...
this would also identify human serviettes .
and it was horrible .
you killed her . your rapped her . murdered her . say it .
would a really , really late term abortion still fly ? ' cause god damn , that 's an ugly baby !
bought it because your comment but dear god do i hate the way he starts and ends chapters .
just think , if my mate alvaro was n't a complete head case at times this would n't even be a stat !
relevant
have you heard about richard clock ?
he took this job as anustart
it stands for wience fiction
and the new coin does n't bloody work in trollys !
thought of the exact same thing !
she only need to sing now .
hurray ! multiculturalism for all the white countries .
the lotr trilogy was the pinnacle i think .
dellow felegates , in response to this direct threat to the republic , meesa propose that the senate give immediately emergency powers to da supreme chancellor !
uhhh do n't forget iggy pop still running around like crazy too , and likely the same order of magnitude of ingesting drugs as ozzy and cooper . i would have to say that lemmy , r . i . p . , was probably the biggest abuser of them all ..
in the french version of looney tunes , pep le pew speaks with an italian accent .
you should look at the caucasus . it 's cultural diversity turned up to eleven
taiwan 1 vatican 2 ... china 193
meh , i 've been around for a while . denial is over rated
perfect .
you could say the draws really tied their season together
they suck so bad , they can n't even lose right .
have you ever been to japan ? it 's crazy safe there .
i read this while hearing ' somewhere over the rainbow ' .
this is certainly one of my most hated movies .
for dolphin penis .
pudding pokers !
they hired a sharp shooter the first day to prevent this from happening . but when they went back for the reshoot , they did n't bother ..
should have figured this would show up after that thread about oranges .
i kind of feel like it 's cheating to count the ruler of one of the largest empires ever .
oh ya , suck my jaggon ! put your finger in my thrusher !
best equivalent : do you go to france ?
username checks out .
he is the greatest and he 's only 42 .
groundbreaking !
rub it out on some toast in the morning ( with coffee ) is the best !
i knew this one ! :d
that is a hell of a cast tho .
exactly . i 've been addicted for the last 5 years , the longest i 've gone without it is 17 days . my life would be much better if i had never started taking it .
you should read the draco tavern . an alien sells a human the designs for a super advanced ai . the humans build it , but ... well i do n't want to spoil it for you .
speak for yourself .
everything is ok when you 're rich .
his pancreas level is over 9000 ! !
so basically at the beginning victoria 's secret truly was that it was actually victor .
why do you have to bring race into it ?
it 's jackie
well based off her friend 's words , she did n't step in to help so much as chased him down and attacked him after the fact .
nope , i do n't find her attractive . i generally do n't find fakeness attractive , and they do n't come much faker than that .
he raped the most women like ever . like as far as we know . biggest rapist . wow .
if they 're so smart then why do n't they have kardashians ?
romp ? ! romp ? ! romp ? !
oddly , after decades of watching the show i do n't think i ever registered cartman 's mom as even having a name . she 's just " cartman 's mom , " or " meeeem . "
he kinda looks like senator armstrong from mgr : r
i 'm surprised texas is n't on this list . i guess it 's because we love all of our guns equally .
so , which one is the " black sheep " of the family ? the one out of the country or the nut case ?
wait , is this true ? r
and the yeti is usually depicted as white in popular culture but amongst most sightings , it 's said to be brown , black , red , or a combination like it 's direct relative , sasquatch .
but what if i dont want to get my fingers all chocolaty ?
pretty sure they cover it in this : __url__ and then if you liked that , listen to this : __url__
with rocks and trees and everything .
they did really really bad things in asia
fucking magnets , how do they work ?
but only while suckin on the right one
scroll to bottom of comments ... yep .
how are not extinct though ?
sounds like my sex life
from one of the somali pirates ... so , tifu ...
his solution : get rid of everybody and do the next trilogy all by himself .
so you mean pulling the same shit for hundreds of years make it acceptable now ?
and when congress is n't is session they spend the rest of the time raising money .
elliott our kicker moving forward
the first minute or so sounds suspiciously like " uncle salty " by aerosmith .
watch " the man in the high castle " on amazon or whatnot . it 's that scenario , and it 's a really intriguing show .
another example of psyops using loudspeakers
sounds like a good way to make money . start a brewery making " authentic " ancient beers . they 'll taste like shit , but hipsters will line up to pay 20 a bottle .
but would n't they have to prove that parents were accomplices in the crime ? simply sharing common genes does not make one guilty by association
i am a gardener and have a profound respect for dandelions . they are also an important nectar source for bees early in the season . biotech is a fucking evil industry : __url__
in history ...
" you shore gotta purty mouth "
it 's almost like humans developed over thousands of years to live in small tribal units in sparsely populated natural environments and not all of us are able to adjust to living in massively dense artificial landscapes ...
so that 's what the chemtrails are about .
if you read the wikipedia article it 's well over 30 .
r madlads
" i 've been all around the grelobe . "
while we 're here ... ally financial , formerly known as gmac and gm , formerly known as gm with lawsuits .
i miss scotty 's . mostly for the ridiculous logo .
pretty sure the cat did did
one day in the far future we will hopefully be able to come to terms with mental illness and not have to feel so ashamed anymore . i know she meant the best , but this kind of stuff really makes me sad .
could this be a direct cause of abnormal weather ?
rich tradition
it is n't though
beholders were the absolute worst unless you cheesed them .
til i have no clue how old people actually are .
5 hours flight from london to tel aviv
" if it 's stupid and it works ... then it ai n't stupid "
... as britain , germany , and canada all passed blasphemy laws .
or use them for more sexy time !
lol i thought she was over 40
guess you could say his 9 lives were up
yeah , no shit .
some disturbing opinions in the comments . clearly , few of you have been through a large scale disaster . i am comforted that the opinions of those on the internet are not the same as the opinion of those in society as a whole .
was ? he is still alive
my dad was in college at the time and he said he basically ate free that entire summer thanks to mcdonalds .
did you listen to the dollop episode about him ?
i sometimes wonder how different octopuses would be if they lived longer . or if they had social behavior , so that problem solving and knowledge could be passed from generation to generation , instead of learned and lost on an individual basis .
opera singers do this all the time .
did he crumble crackers ? ?
nope , not at all my friend .
i just looked both of the verses up ( in the bible ) , listed in the wiki article ... and neither one have the word kidney in them . maybe somebody looked through versions until they found one that did ?
it does contain the most scientifically ludicrous line however : " it 's just my job five days a week . " you do n't get weekends off if you are flying to mars .
i am an asbestos defense lawyer ama .
tesla murdered an elephant ?
the last 30 seconds or so are hilarious . if you just played it to someone they would n't know if she was talking about an octopus or a penis
that 's what he said
the ultimate r prorevenge story
why a liver ?
one of the people he convicted was william chaloner who , i kid you not , sold watches which had dildos in them .
if she survived , it probably wasnt .
i 've tried nothing and i 'm all out of ideas
and adaptation
just right height no bucket required
did he slip lorne michaels a mickey ?
never trust a junkie
i felt the need to activate bitchholdon.jpg on myself after clicking that link , just wtf :'(
no doubt elephants and cetaceans also make the list .
any random joe with a rehearsed routine can give a presentation on tedx . you have to be invited and have acclaim to give a ted talk
you are 100 correct , am a relatively strait girl michael c hall has been an odd panty puller for me ever since 6 feet under .
i was in the budweiser valley in the czech republic where they make some decent beer . i don t think i need to tell you how their international lawsuit is doing .
bah gawd that man has a family
wonderful and insightful , thanks for sharing .
hey our rivers have caught fire too ! pittsburgher
double dipping is gone in 3.0 :(
just what you 're used to really .
those central mexican mushrooms are something , are n't they ? !
fuck off arsenal enjoy dynamo kebab
i know this is a joke , but i 'd like to point out that he owned up to his mistake and made it clear to everyone he knew that if they were to get cancer that they should get proper treatment instead of wasting their time with false medicine .
it 's good to be king
you really do n't know the difference ?
wonder when the great barrier reef will be removed from list of natural wonders .
we 've had two , ebola and zika . unfortunately , modern medicine negates natural selection .
... they probably caught the plague themselves in the process ...
did you hear this on stern 's mccartney interview ?
fuck
i keep african pygmies and this is the correct answer
jeez that must 've been uncomfy
right ... thats why she founded an organization to help feed , clothe and give medical assistance to the poor ? are you actually retarded ?
they always are missing there mouth
there is a sucker born every minute .
but at a slower rate .
he made leibnitz go to court in london over the calculus problem , but the thing is that he essentially owned the courts due to his reputation
i find it hilarious when people post on facebook this pictures that say something like " calm , but will go crazy at a moment 's notice " then goes to name off 6 or 7 of the signs .
the devil 's comma .
in islam , we study more about jesus than mohammad lmao . he 's mentioned more in the quaran than mohammad
" look at him ! wow ! plop what a guy ! "
i saw him on tv not even an hour ago . i thought it was enrique iglesias .
sick .
this was n't about amd you know .
my peener and my nards gave vitiligo . not even joking . and from the research i 've done , so do a lot of other dudes .
without posting his competitive to friendlies appearance ratio , this is worthless .
that 's awful , and is highly offensive to their beliefs . what a selfish thing to do .
wait , what ? scientology employs the tactics of " the party " in 1984 ? no freaking way .
__url__
ascmc
you could n't be any more wrong
i read somewhere a long time ago that humans only have cognitive memories starting around the age of 4 , so i do n't think someone who is 1 and a half years old will remember little timmy from across the road after a little while of seeing him .
but do they have nightlife though ?
eric harris was a classic sociopath not really something you can raise and dylan klebold was a classic depressive . the parents can only do so much sometimes .
how could it be marvel 's first movie when there were two older captain america tv movies ? i think there was a spider man tv movie as well .
i think bronn is supposed to be around 30 34 at the current point , late twenties when he very first meets tyrion .
it 's even worse to think that they went from that to this
referlee
this is asinine , burn wisconsin .
it 's like jurassic park in there . just an entire area with killers with nothing to do but work out and get super smart .
why dont we have a test subject couple conceive and give birth in space ? just to see what happens .
we are n't exactly up to speed on infrastructural changes to our everyday lives .
yeah , this is totally unrelated but the iter fusion reactor project is still churning away in france .
i would read that esp with jon snow as don quixote .
time to establish a new precedent then ...
i had a great uncle who had served on bataan that was part of those experiments . i served as well , but to see people who did such inhumane things to american troops getting off without punishments does jade me a bit .
let me tell you 4 times i met mr juice .
sink , sank , have sunk .
i feel like that can n't be that rare of a thing . i have to imagine it 's also said about a lot of songs that fail .
well i 'm not gonna complain , it did save a man 's life once .
actually doing a stop motion video with real people sounds awesome and sounds like something i could actually put together .
even the lottery is threatening to pull out of illinois .
someone tried convincing me of this in 2004 . failed miserably .
they rape , but they save . and they save more than they rape .
you 're so cool . my wife i had that on the inside of our wedding bands . it was the first movie we saw together . later when the store closed down , i was able to buy the actual vcr tape we rented .
do n't recognize 90 of those .
you should remind them the book was n't written in english as well . learn some aramaic and read the real bible . :)
by the 18th century i think the whole craze with witches had long since past in britain .
what did you think it was ? or have you never heard of lube before in general ?
this makes me think of how the " caesar 's legion " on fallout say " ky sar " instead of the way we say it now , it 's possible many current pronunciations have shifted in this fashion .
that 's nothing . yesterday i learned that there 's a whole community of people living in japan who support the north korean regime . they have their own private schools where kim 's pic is up all over the place . talk about bizarre .
man 's gotta go blud , simple as fam
as a recentky not teenager who has a teenage siblings , can confirm .
less than 8 years later , there were three .
or despacito .
" with a little help from my friends "
r writingprompts
they had to give him an executive producer credit on the film .
well he could n't play a scratched record so i guess it 's something
steel helmets dont really protect that well . they were designed to protect agaist shrapnel and maaaaaaybe small arms fire from a pistol . a large part of their introduction was because it made soldiers feel safer . and as a result generally more fearless
i absolutely expected to see this
my grandparents took my mom to the opening of disney world ( edited ) and still had the ticket stub . my grandpa worked for nasa during the space race , so i assume that 's how he was able to get tickets .
i have 3,000 different arguments about why that 's a bad analogy .
isnt a sea a small ocean lol
yeah , that showed him !
i 've actually seen a video of someone getting their ear canal scraped clean and there was a literal cockroach corpse in there . it was surreal .
right turn , clyde .
rise to the level of your incompetence .
they always forget the one in the chamber !
interesting . the sources cited do n't mention if they were actually apes or people , only that the original name for the species we call gorillas today originated from this story .
that 's sir alec guinness mate
there was nothing wrong with it
as a pyro , could you keep the kid and all of the fun things locked up separately , then give me a key to that lock ?
but interstellar ...
do a barrel roll !
they are a water animal
it 's pretty amazing how people change so quickly .
unless the woman breaks his skin with her vagina dentata .
let 's not talk about supes ' building vision .
r frugaljerk
it gets even worse when you realize that things like this will occur again and again for many years to come .
its efficent ill give you that .
here we go , one more thing for us greeks to copyright : " shitpost " . hell yeah we are the inventors of everyting ! greece !
now they 're national treasures .
mine is 20 , but it was a card i got before i was 18 and they offered to up the limit once i was an adult . i said no so that if someone steals my card , they can only make really small purchases .
hardly obscure . it gets posted in this sub once a week .
futurama warned us .
some states still do that . they 're especially fond of giving one way bus tickets to recently discharged psychiatric patients with no fixed abode .
i feel like that 's very common
is it technically masturbation if it is one creature using another creature against the will of that other creature ?
i do n't always click youtube links in comments , but when i do , it 's for kevin spacey . well worth it , thank you .
it 's also a giant swastika and the entrance to an underground tunnel country ...
more lytes than your body has room for
they can n't make that same mistake again it 'll just be a repete ( r ) of the past
maybe for 15
they drew first blood , not me .
to jsme my !
um , of fucking course she regrets it . it was complete shite .
agreed , but it 's still a little shocking that his own security detail did n't have any " sleepytime juice " around to knock him out until morning , and just kinda let him go roam the streets in his underwear . i mean , the dude could have been hit by a car or mugged .
when i think physical manifestation of abrahamic god , it 's usually zeus . probably because all the renaissance art .
hannah ?
same
that 's why they called it frontier justice .
let 's not forget they also inspired a lot of the comedy in the 70s .
it 's not munch n , it is minga .
you 're a customer .
good thing one of his sons owns a hedge fund . could you imagine the connections you 'd get from being a presidential child ?
it 's not a question of where it grips it it 's a simple question of weight ratios ! a 15 pound bird cannot carry a 50 pound salmon !
how about
loosely : lorne micheals tightly : e . s . blofeld
this is less suicide and dying due to stress .
i mean , i was kind of thinking to myself " well is n't that sort of what this country is all about ? being wildly drunk and trying to get pizza ?
do i amuse you ?
yeah , when i was a kid i 'd drink raw eggs like it 's nothing every time i 'd stay with my granma in the village . i thought they tasted nice too . i do n't think i 'd dare to now , since seeing people drinking them to induce puking or with the whole salmonella scare .
it 's pretty much the same in sweden , except for bars and restaurants . purchases for home is all room temperature .
but these are magic beans !
to me , the fact that he so successfully plays the super upbeat , optimistic , carefree friend while he was actually so depressed he tried to kill himself is fairly impressive . that is acting in a very real form .
yuup . this and the new yankee workshop instantly got my brother and i booted off the tv .
or try this on for size if you were interesting in teaching kids that you would not molest them . let 's keep things in perspective .
and emmanuel macron just used it as introduction to his second speach in front of the crowd at le louvre 's pyramid .
do ya really drink that much ? many side effects ? ever get dts ?
i hear he turned up much later with retrograde amnesia with a new personality called ted and he worked for the salvation army .
that orangutan looks utterly shocked by this news
finally i find mention . he was a great salesman , but not that great manager .
you redditors are more obsessed with christianity than 99 of christians
another fun fact about moose , nobody actually knows the correct pluralization of the word " moose " . some people say the plural form is " moose " , others " mooses " , while i like to call more than one moose " meeses " .
yeah , and in japanese , " playing cards " are called " trump " so , after the election someone dug out their " donald ( mcdonald ) trump "
eel job
he belongs in a museum !
proper lsd is going to take 30 mins to come on then persist for at least 12 hours .
this looked to me like the flag of kekistan at first . dominica looks like a nice place .
well , that is pretty arrogant . but i guess both cities draw their pride from former , faded glory , so it is a perfect fit in that regard .
but ... bette midler is n't a sister .
the horrible truth of the rubiks cube : given a simple task , all the equipment , and zero training , people will make a terrible mess .
double challenge cup .
butter flavoured microwave popcorn . just let that sink in for a minute .
every time i hear someone bashing on the fda for taking forever to approve drugs in the us , i remember the thalidomide babies . horrible defects if you want nightmares , go google images of it :(
one of the best jokes is that fry was impervious to the hypnotoad 's control , because of his missing brain wave , but watched the show anyway .
this just makes me even sadder for the indoctrinated kids there . and marvel even more at their parents ' stupidity .
rocking has proven therapeutic psychological benefits
tinfoil on your fillings
flushing the system .
i was on my way to drumlanrig on the morning it was stolen ...
bullied ? so at which point is it called assault ?
why would you volunteer to fight in such a stupid unnecessary war
of course .
and you sound like a condescending douche bag . maybe you should shut the fuck up .
i was at dragoncon today , kinda disgusted by the amount of people buying hubbard books and posters , dont people realise they support this abuse with every dollar you give them ?
east germany had many progressive social laws in comparison to the west . for instance , abortion was legal and free in the east . that 's still not as much the the case in unified germany , sure to the power of the churches
no , it 's not illegal . germany is one of the biggest meat producers worldwide .
i find it 's both the solution and the cause of most problems .
hashtag saveseanbean :(
til that poisonous household materials are labeled with a green face named mr . yuk .
goddamn kids .
to be fair , roots was a mini series ( ie a tv event over several consecutive evenings ) not a true tv series .
you could have 3 moneys and no kids !
how else would i learn to get a lamborghini and book shelves ?
somehow japanese tentacle stuff makes more sense now .
do you know that dolphine are rapist ? no joke , dolphin are fucking crazy
you 're like , 3 hours south of " northern michigan "
um errr umm err
never been to tahiti but from my understanding the people and country are beautiful so i feel there was n't a lot to lose if the sailors remained .
trading nails for screws
i rather call it a thousandpacerock
darknet .
and 1.6 km is a mile , not 2.1
goat .
not really because swapping services for items isnt a use of currency , it 's just trading . prostitution is said to be the world 's oldest trade , though .
a prequel ... to a prequel . is there any reason awakening could n't just have been made before covenant ?
he graduated from there at 20 .
i can run 2 miles in 16 minutes . what would my rank be ?
remember he would still have to navigate so its only in best case that he could go around the world twice . it actually seems like a likely figure if they needed to maneouver around cape horn or what not .
how times have changed . sort of .
my girlfriend 's 1 crush is nic cage , because of this movie . the part where he says something like he wants to blow his brains out but he can n't stop thinking about what it would do to his f f f fucking carpet is apparently what won her over .
i think this is a ball state scholarship .
link for the lazy , or those who are bad at google
it is common knowledge
james earl jones ' voice alone was enough . " your wife is quite a dishhhhhhhh . "
too many people moving here for fame , and not knowing the gold rush ended .
so ... this is why we have to pray to an omniscient god ? because he wants to hear us beg for it ?
downvote cause dick nipples
well .. this is litterally bumfuck nowhere . innerhoden lul , great word to translate
this is just not true . also extremely speculative that china never had an industrial revolution due to the absence of a middle class .
wow americans drove a species extinct just to help genocide an entire people haha wow land of the free
i do n't understand how organizations like these are allowed here . the fucking kkk is still around . now queue up for the soap box people talking about freedom of expression .
the amount of fucking points i 've lost to that ...
only non colourblind people can see them ! ! !
i feel like i 've heard this stat a thousand times .
it 's not illegal when the president does it .
they give methanol infuse , it binds with the ethanol making it non toxic
he looks like joey bats
me too thanks
that 's not masturbation , that 's just fucking an eel
are you really that dense ?
i only cringe when old people pronounce it " mee mee " .
his brother turned him in and gave reward money to the victims families .
i 've learned lots from tom silva . he 's definitely a master carpenter .
they were n't real mobsters . they were fugazi .
never tell me the odds
m tter museum ?
thank you joel osteen
soda popinski
i can n't stand water unless it 's carbonated so please do n't knock my soda stream . t'is the way , the truth , and the life .
not true . he 's awful in the warricker sequels and his voice acting in the jungle book reboot was terrible . no nailing to speak of in those roles .
duhhh
the two things every libertarian lives by never allow unwarranted searches and always listen for loopholes when you 're about to be hanged .
yes .
a bunch of beans if i recall correctly
" una paloma blanca , ahhh ahhhhhh oh shit "
the afterlife rejects you !
yeah but not in the time frame of days or hours .
i think human abacus would 've been just as cool a nickname .
especially when the cost of the bullet is charged to the family of the deceased !
the secret plan : bring in non white immigrants so when the natives want their land back the whites just step back and let one minority keep the other one busy . also , you know , a beacon of hope and freedom to the world etc etc ... source : am level 32 white .
tbh he accomplished a lot of stuff before that . i feel useless too after reading that graph . : , (
i remember watching that documentary . that guy was crazy lol . every summer he would go there he appeared to develop a relationship with the animals but one mean sucker put an end to that
bravo
boil em mash em stick em in a stew
when the fuck did this story turn into dark souls ?
it will take the us at least 50 years to recover its image on the international stage from the trump presidency
who 's this jabroni ?
married a streamer ? i thought she was married to peter brady from the brady bunch . they had a reality show about it .
21 pilots are garbage .
obviously , this means alonso 's gonna steal this one
skraaaw eat the mudmen , rule the world skraaaaw
macarons maybe ? those ai n't cheap and are worth more than a dollar .
last week my manager told the team , jokingly mentioning two of my colleagues who just got new position in other departments : " those who succeed in my department are those who leave " . he is in the department since 25 years .
copies or not , art is in the eye of the beholder not withstanding his work is crap . gaudy , over the top rubbish . the hidden pictures prints had more appeal . imho
i 'm surprised they have n't made a movie about this
every time !
til i 'm straight up queer .
he refused to use private transportation ... but did n't he own the railroad he was riding on ?
thanks for supplying the source , was about call you out for lying about the trees
sounds like they had a special connection . i hope they became good friends , or even lovers .
we are overdue for another purge !
ordinary sandwich becomes amazingly good on this . i keep it on the counter ... when the wife lets me ...
if you look at the worst countries in the world to be a woman , and you look at the signatories of this treaty , you find some pretty significant overlap . yemen , saudi arabia , egypt , pakistan ... they all signed .
snuffy reminds me of an opioid addict .
cnc ini modding was amazing as a kid . you could make completely new units using it . once made a rifleman who shot nuclear missiles , killing themselves in the process . i thought that was the best thing ever .
he was holding the cancer wrong .
a good and underrated movie :)
rob roy is a great film too .
why did n't they just ban clapping ?
gogocongocongoer
this is only true for the claimed sales though , the certified numbers are different .
aka capitalism
no ! the reason he s iron man is because he goes out there and plays every game . wash ! spin ! rinse ! spin ! you take that away from him , you break his spirit !
clippys revenge
they also build a lot of infrastructure , and created child wellfare . they might 've been the baddies , but it was still a pretty efficient bunch . after all running an empire takes a lot of work .
got mine a while ago . looking forward to visiting my patch .
this guy fucks
they 're talking about the dolphins , surely .
related : snl sketch of kelsey grammer as captain nemo in 20,000 leagues under the sea .
true , in this case . but the same " author " who did " dan brown 's the lost symbol " made a film that was an hour and 15 minutes of blue screen and sold it on dvd as " the catcher in the rye " .
actually , ryback invented teleportation . just ask him , he 'll tell you himself .
fuck right the fuck off with bringing up that story . that can die and never come back up again .
damn russian raccoon hackers
my grandfather witnessed this when he was a little kid . or so he says .
i can totally see the soviet union starting the space race by shooting one and realizing it never came back or worse hit the moon or mars or something .
not really a legend
really ? ! i 've never hears that in my life
when i was a kid , we 'd help the hippies pick dandelions in the park to make wine . mom would just shake her head at least we were n't getting in trouble !
researchers believe this ascii art is the first depiction of pornographic imagery
give it a chance man . seinfeld is one of the best shows of all time .
jurassic park meets ...
usually when i hear something about yoko ono its usually about her being a complete bitch . this seems somewhat nice . i dont like it .
as i recall three mile island did not melt a hole through the earth to china .
it would take a small minded person to say that everything in their field has been discovered . or he was just a lazy professor who did n't want to teach new material .
in order to gain the upper hand against political opponents in his state . motivation is important .
what blows me away about this is that it was a fun , fluffy , catchy , pop song but the guys behind it ( downes and horn ) were fully involved in the prog rock scene , playing with yes and asia .
whataboutism does n't make it any better ..
yeahhhh my company gives me promotions all the time . it s just a title with no raise and no actual change . i just realized how good it makes me resume look
do n't lewd the dragons !
this is a nice stan lee circle jerk reddits got going .
thanks , kentucky .
looked down at my feet , sure enough i 'm beautiful . no one has ever said i have nice feet before .
wish i could get the samples to play on my ipad ... it just sits there with a spinning circle forever . wikipedia media is garbage .
i was a child of the 70s and the holiday was popular then so no , it did n't become " popular " in the 80s . maybe it became more popular but it was popular when i was a kid .
i can n't trust anyone who does n't use the oxford comma
all i know is that , on saturdays in the fall , my address is at the corner of 5 national championship lane makovicka blvd . in memorial stadium , ne 255493 go big red
nevermore m8
fuck you , caillou !
too old
the steamboat arabia in kc has a bunch of amazingly preserved items .
__url__ careful what you wish for
bonobos .
he just wants to do hoodrat stuff with his friends .
they were all dead by that point in the war .
looking at all the other houses , i think i can guess what it looks like . it 's like the gag on arrested development where andy richter had identical siblings , but their faces were blurred . god i hope i 'm remembering that right .
crossbow could fire ice bolts ...
i do n't think op understands how mental processing works exactly
on the one of the dvd releases of this , after the commentary finishes , the raw recordings of her sessions start . scared the living shite out of me !
so ... native panda cures cancer ?
im know i 'm not the only one that checked out hotmale.com after seeing this .
to quote bsg : all this has happened before . all this will happen again .
i came here to say this and then to say that i love sabaton !
and when cellphones were first invented , people had to talk loudly into them to get everyone 's attention .
i 'll bet she told you that every time she skipped getting you a birthday present .
octopuses are damn fucking smart . they might not be social smart as we are but they have reasoning and imagination .
wow . i 've had a chip card since i got my first debit card in 2009 , and that 's in new zealand .
and oxy is 15 times stronger than codeine .
one of my favorite movies of all time . when i went to rome i tried to visit all of the places in the movie . i have an italian poster of it .
it 's smallpox , is n't it ?
he s not your guy , man .
wb also has a huge number of descendants in america , me being one of them .
true , but the of assholes ratio compared to people is like night and day
not a fan of using camelcase for your fs hierarchy . feels too much like windows and looks ugly to me . i would prefer a evolution of the fhs , not a mostly new layout . but i like their separation , might keep things a bit more clean in the long term .
someone needs to meet him at the gates in a white bronco .
cgi is stop motion animation . just with computers . if you 've ever done it it 's just as frustrating and time consuming ( actually probably even more so ) .
i think he knows that
nobody has seen bad lieutenant for some reason . one of the best cage films out there .
i thought it was too do with the shape of a woman 's derri re and the curves up the back , albeit from the ' doggy ' perspective . maybe i need help . who can say ?
if i remember correctly bela lugosi had to do the same thing for dracula
doc watson 's version of it was amazing
more known for being a billionaire businessman
he was not " vladimir the great of russia " , it was 700 years before russia appeared . rus is not russia .
your username checks out .
they were baddies that you had to think twice about . they were smart baddies .
it 'd make dropping a tactical nuke a lot more complicated .
my personal record for a hospital patient i 've admitted was 0.8 . they honestly were a lot more with it and pleasant that drunk than when she started to withdraw .
why do they look plastic ?
well i still do n't know how he looks in the show . he seems ... different each time i see him .
" ap ril falls . " ( for all you chip chipperson fans out there )
this stuff makes me hallucinate ... urgh , i prefer codeine for coughs .
what if you eat some taco bell and start farting your way toward jupiter ?
john oliver ... is that you ! ?
if he was fearing he would wear his seatbelt . he didnt . i call bs for hype and record sales
arcology ?
it took me way too clicks thru comments to find this
i came here specifically to see a red wall comment
remember everyone here is a robot :)
i recently got into futurama like a few days ago and just watched the episode yesterday . you have no idea how surprised and great i felt when i understood the reference . i expect to receive a lot of upvotes to make feel good .
that 's why i do n't buy the stuff they make . not because it is stupidly expensive .
i 'm stealing this .
he did not drink 10 bottles of wine a day . the fact that just that ammount of extra liquid would be dangerous that 's well over 6000 calories a day from wine alone . unless you claim he was a raging alcoholic and also an onlympic level athlete he would be a tub of lard by now .
those were hilarious .
she also 100 , never existed .
this man is correct .
hugo " black " .
good thing dick armey never held that position .
yeah but who 's anakin 's daddy ? spoiler : george lucas
a whole pound ! you could rent out the whorehouse for that much
no . they overlap . shudder
you sucking ?
what a crap movie . dad leaves his son 's new gf to die , so when all is said and done , the poor son has no mate . so he just fucks off alone . i would too . fuck that family .
it 's not like we consider it a fun recreational activity .
man gleason is an asshole .
sounds like the patriot act
play stupid games , win stupid prizes .
only if you say with your best scottish accent " excuse me sir , i think you 'll find that 's legal tender "
ok wow
so did my family and i
that sounds like the lyrics to one of his overly violent songs written about what he would do to biggie .. " first i 'll kill you then me and my boys will smoke yo ashes , bitch ! "
my old email for msn was death stix html.com i thought i was being clever by abbreviating it ... ' email address unverified ' on msn messenger for years .
i love to dip them in habanero ranch sauce .
now is the time to do it .
so many people are suggesting that , dude .
i love this story . you can see it actually happening in a really cool series called " connections . " check your library for the dvds . they are worth it .
" bodybag " ist wirklich eine glanzleistung der werbeabteilung .
that 's not theft , that 's business .
it all makes sense now .
would it still be an accepted currency ?
the irony ... it 's the 1st on the list of people who practice what they preach .
hey , you 're ruining the joke .
being really hacked off moves our civilisation forward more than we could imagine .
would " substandard " on a sub just be considered standard ?
they still do
i imagine his russian bodyguards just told the secret service that they have it under control , and that it 's not a situation that they have n't handled before ... or the secret service were far too busy trying to hide clinton 's philadering at the same time .
if the next day you murdered your whole family you probably gave the wrong one .
water you talking about ?
but he does n't get bragging rights or bar stories . " man did i ever tell you about the time i beat a grizzly bear in a fistfight ... ? " " what ? ! no ! "
yeah ... it was pretty much bruce willis playing bruce willis .
makes me wonder what they 'd taste like but i 'd never want to kill one
gooooooooo fuck yourself
i 'm in .
make them a punishment with an incentive . have a generator attached to each one , and they have to make x amount of power in order to watch tv , or have working lights .
if you die after a fight , you can n't really call it " beating " your opponent .
" where could such a monstrous beast have come from ? ! " " i know captain ... " " shut up ! ! ! give me your harpoon ! " and then he smacks phil hartman with the harpoon and hands it back to him . i 'm laughing way too much at this .
depends on the soup . pho soup is a meal .
what about gitmo ?
when i 'm engaged in an argument on here with someone who does this i just take the most retarded thing that they claimed and i stick with it doggedly refusing to change the topic no matter how hard they try . i just stay focussed and in that zone so they can n't get away .
best cartoon about cats who were samurai that delivered pizza ever ! did they deliver pizza ? i think they did , unless my memory has faded .
carl reiner confirmed that recently on larry wilmore 's podcast
first time i 've ever seen it . one thing i have n't seen on reddit is a new ( to me ) piece of info without somebody in the comments whining about re posts .
" hey dude , you smell like shit . " " no i do n't , i only eat fruit . " " oh , okay then . "
i fucking hate humans .
you need a smarter good friend
and in 2009 the united states once again backed an illegal coup against the democratically elected government , supporting a military dictatorship that murdered thousands in the following years . this type of intervention in foreign affairs is still going on .
he needs some metamucil for the verbal diarrhoea .
wow fuckin a man .
you masturbate with conditioner ? most people masturbate with their hand ... you americans and your lube .
realistically you have to be a christian to get elected to any high office
rip anyone within 100 miles
well , duh . their ideology threatened our market access .
i was just about to post that ... lol
too close to the ground underwater or perhaps too close to cause a minor roadblock ( waterblock ? ) during operations . unsure really . prolly too shallow though .
one but all is a wild expression
yes basically volkswagen is for cars what nestle is for waterbottles
like diying a treehouse or some hardwood floors ?
the prisoners used to disable the fuses in artillery shells too . i recall that there was an inspection process and they figured out how to beat it . saved a lot of troopers
til people still compare weed with alcohol .
or the dollop podcast
" gimme that waavve ! "
you need an opposable thumb for a firm grip of the steering wheel so you are always in full control of your car . intelligence is apparently not so much of an requirement .
rape seed oil canada oil canola
money talks , liver walks
krakozhia !
i 'm not sure i believe much of this . when did he fly on commercial flights ? he 'd sold so many records by the time he was of drinking age , i 'd have assumed it was all chartered or private jets from that point on .
i honestly do n't know if this is true or not , but i would love to see nba teams assign the c to a player like they do in hockey and take it as seriously as they do .
i 'm sure he and al qaeda would have had a good laugh about their mistake before they released him . years later they 'd still keep in touch .
i 'm okay with that never happening
til you can survive 43 pints of lager ...
why ? sea org are just a bunch of bullies . fuck them .
" are these electric eels swimming around me ? " " no " zap ! " they 're electric catfish . "
where do i learn about diophantine equations ?
there was a history professor at my school , he recently retired but during that draft , he had students who failed his class , he gave them a failing grade knowing their gpa would drop and get them sent to war . he was so educated yet he knowingly sent students to their graves .
couldn t help reading this in john oliver s voice .
and went on to become greedy bastards themselves
would n't it be illegal anywhere if under the age of consent ?
so the best way to make money in that city at the time was to train homing pigeons . you sell him the bird and then he releases it to fly back to his coup . next day you sell him the same bird . )
insults and disrespect can quickly turn into rebellion . parenting .
the extremely well spoken and intelligent actor jason alexander ( who played george costanza ) speaks about how his character was based on larry david and how he discovered it : __url__
there 's no record of it because it 's an ancient chinese secret .
differentiate .
i wish they would just get it over with and put me out of my misery , but for some reason they 're stalin .
so it was supposed to take 90 days and instead they 're not done after 13 years ? what a bunch of slackers !
yeah i had a bad experience but mine was a bit different ... the kids i was with were like some kind of cult , they subliminally manipulated me and laced some of the weed that we smoked . but im ok now .
i remember some of the older ones where the cheese looked and tasted more like peanut butter than the peanut butter did , which tasted and looked almost like it could be some sort of a cheese . either way , they barely made the cracker more edible than a chunk of cardboard .
to be fair , a lot of their troops were americans ...
how white of them .
fine by me . i love milk .
buildings , contents , liability , the top tier companies also include things like loss of use ( cost of living elsewhere in the event of a claim ) ... this situation would be a liability claim on ho insurance personal umbrella insurance if carried .
why though ...
but would n't you both have the right to bear arms ?
he was replaced mid show as well no ?
yes , however , they were brittle and do n't last nearly as long as the modern equivalent . there 's always a trade off folks .
the surreal life was the tits , is she still with christopher knight ?
in a row ? !
wait , wait , waaaaaaaait sega master system was and is , i maintain , a technically better system than the nes .
" gas brake honk , gas brake honk , honk honk punch , gas gas gas "
the springs in my nes stopped working and i couldn t get the cartridge to stay down to play anything . thankfully i got a game genie which worked without having to press it down . game genie saved my childhood .
record them and post it on r videos
to be fair , hilary had that on lock down
where is the proof of this ?
right tighty , lefty loosey ... now go change your tire .
the dairy industry benefited the most from the food pyramid . they lobbied hard for it .
i would n't hit my vole if only she would listen !
also drugs .
i think it 's czechia for quite some time .
in one of polish short stories by boleslaw prus there is theme of a sick child whose treatment was prescribed to be put into a hot oven for 3 hail marys . the girl died . not sure if 3 lord 's prayers takes less time to recite .
i thought most theft would have been at night ...
well the good thing is he is solely responsible for making terrible music .
not surprising . drug culture was in full swing by then .
i will eat your babies bitch .
aww look at the little butt hurt person
thread
cheap umbrellas usually are worthless for high winds
so you were left hanging ?
" never go in against a sicilian when death is on the line " !
according to post malone god can n't watch the cowboys play unless the roof is opened so maybe he can be duped .
" today " you just learned this ? or are you just baiting ?
it 's not gay underway was thrown around jokingly a lot ... maybe it was n't a joke idk .
thanks for my new kindle screensavers !
yes , it is .
so hamm would have been old enough to kidnap kemper and keep her in an underground bunker just like in the show .
my guess for the gray coloring is because they tried to season it with pepper before the cooking . being that they 're powdered eggs , the pepper could possibly already been mixed in . thus , creating the gray color . i was watching master chef , and they explained it that way
i have had a sister that was a bit older than me . she recently committed suicide and it really does fuck you up . you expect them to grow old and die of old age , but situations like this are so sudden and awful .
we actually do that in canada now
wow animated series catwoman , major props .
so why is n't epinephrine abused as a recreational drug ? its well known that certain people really get off on that adrenaline rush so you 'd think some people would just resort to shooting up with it ?
it 's my go to season . i 've not watched anything after 5 though . but seasons 4 . ugh . so good .
definitely some links to the word murder there
i remember watching this game at a bar and actually said they re going to murder this guy when he messed up .
plenty of people jumping to the conclusion that it 's 100 a cia execution and nobody stopping to wonder if they 'd be stupid enough to make an execution look as far from a suicide as possible .
that is the crazy shit you can expect from a ship named after texas .
sometimes less is more .
til medieval people were kinky as fuck
if there was ever a doubt about reddit 's main demographic being 20 something year olds who play games , then this comment and the replies to it shatters it .
he deserved to rot in jail .
kate plus eight
you can call me abe , but just not aby , baby .
dr seuss ? i fucked his bitch .
they 're there to guard him , not dress him .
what ? for an alcoholic that 's a regular dose . jelzin was an alcoholic . i dont think he was too irritated from 750ml .
i twitch and i salivate , like with myxomitosis !
evil is subjective
i have a 4 letter email with hotmail and gmail . both are my initials and year of birth .
i love that spanish can be so literal when compared directly to english . like junk food is called comida basura , directly translating to trash food .
to be fair , if you go to see mgmt live to hear them sing kids i would want 30,000 euros myself for that shit they cannot perform live to save their lives .
george is like the part of ourselves that we hate and secretly wish to indulge , but can n't because we have a sense of shame .
code name " deep throat " ... i laughed , i could n't help it .
prepare to be underwhelmed
green eye monster is another analogy for envy , maybe that explains the green eye ' e ' logo
i think that applies to majority of the federal government . :( source : i work there .
are you a slang expert ? from ohio , never heard it .
i guess he took the saying , " an apple a day keeps the doctor away " a little too seriously . haha
the wikipedia quote is total bullshit . it 's referencing one bad so called " journalist 's " misconceptions .
so that 's how they form that distinct nugget shape
i guess not riding them never came into play ?
why would n't random serial numbers be assigned to prevent this ?
it sounds nice and all but it 's hell . no amount of money is worth hating your job with a passion imo
nk will be ended soon .
spud missles
good for sneakin ' up on motherfuckers
troy is the only place that produces slim jims .
i too just watched that suzie dent video .
his song " all the faces " is good
__url__
luna
30 million for the richest non royal seems awfully low for one of the richest countries in the world . does the royal family just completely own the state oil industry ?
in also came up with a new type of nail if i remember right ?
the famous " malthusian catastrophe "
bob , why did you collect trash for your city ? uh , its a job you free loading sociopath
all i see is
probably should n't have said , " ... not sure downvotes are necessary . " just sayin
there 's some evidence to suggest 4chan has been around since ancient egyptian times . __url__
sploosh
hey we south dakotan 's actually have cool landscapes unlike those despicable north dakotans and their barren wasteland with streams filled with oil .
that 's true of a lot of japan these days too is n't it ? i remember reading that a lot of the coastline of tokyo or somewhere is completely artificial now .
there was a study a year or two ago that showed the children of sex offenders were more likely to be sex offenders even if raised by someone else . low empathy and aggression are heritable traits .
" were "
yep . reference irish actor tyrone power for example . then again , the irish are black , so ...
probably because apples are tasty af
i 've traveled there 7 ( ? ) times now . most people speak italian or valdotain ( a local language , can be described as somewhere between french and italian ) at home but people do speak french there too .
r daddit for all your wtf is happening needs
yo , learn how to fucking type .
alcohol is a dissociative
mourinho 's kids
chevrons ai n't cheap
it 's all cromwell 's fault , the dirty bastard .
good for them .
green is n't lime ? o o
they suckle the anus
i have this lying around on dvd somewhere but i 've never actually taken the time to watch it . i should dig it up .
goodbye old yeller brick road
brilliant
trial ... and error
yes , i heard someone explain once that parents are liable for willful acts of mayhem , but not accidents , so if my kid opens the door and dings your car in the parking lot , then i 'm not liable , but if he throws a rock at your car , then i am .
i 've been listening to this record since it came out and i never even noticed this . it 's just really , really good .
best . nut . ever .
incidentally , on any index of names , would he be filed as " bull , sitting " ?
so i 'm not a bad neighbor ... i 'm just a local , independent , harvest free farmer .
i mean they were originally going to go with rich gannon so i dont think grbac is that much of a downgrade .
i think there was more underlying issues within these peoples lives than just the loss of fame . it seemed perhaps they got a little full of themselves , then reality came crashing down hard . to be a hero , you have to be humble .
hello yes i see elephants or some shit or whatever , prescribe me alcohol pls .
that 's funny . this was covered in ap us history . pretty common knowledge imo
remember : the soft side goes on the seat !
i 'm 12 and this is deep .
hey , do you have my idea what someone could do with 3000 flerbos ?
personally , i just think he 's a terrible actor . he bugs .
ceo scumbag steve
if it can levitate frogs , does it mean we could turn it upside down and use it as artificial gravity inside space ships ?
chicken chicken chicken __url__
bernie ? ! ! ! ?
this went down as one of the worst rated games in video game history , right up there with the original jason : " friday the 13th " game and e . t .
wah ! that 's great ! we 'll call it puppy love !
i knew a dog who was addicted to giving himself oral . me and my friends were disgusted by him and would drive him away from us whenever he came around ( it was a small town where dogs freely roamed about ) .
he arrived during departure ?
now that would have been too much for that movie .
thanks , i read the title and thought it was too awesome to be true .
well , they did n't teach that about him in boot camp at all ...
now we know it just takes one reckless and brave american johnston to fend off a fleet of japanese
they ask for contact details and demand a fee . it 's not like people have n't tried exactly this before .
i love how through bloodshed the us created a term and now it 's a large clothing company . i googled it and was inundated with ads for fall clothing instead of learning about us atrocities in central south america .
even the date and time he got killed is blacked out
who was god talking to ?
thank god they have the ews interlock to keep them from going past po1 . that keeps the bottom 5 from making anyone 's life completely miserable . only mostly miserable .
at least he made some very decent products . tim cook has no idea what the hell he 's doing .
when i was in europe as an exchange student i thought the windows were amazing . the families i stayed with said the same thing .
you 're telling me this is elon musk 's purpose with ai cars ? !
but then they could n't ever change their name
at least he never went full retard .
i 've been bit by a roach before , it stings a little but its not too bad .
if they say it on wikipedia then it must be true . even if no source is provided . s
more sailing , for the nailing .
his real name is carlos estevan . the sheen name just sounds more hollywoody
try not to create any more street skating tricks on your way to the roof !
wikipedia article says the original french version ended with a plural . so twenty thousand leagues under the seven seas .
i watched lady and the tramp ( " susi und strolch " in german ) a lot as a kid and never got the dramatic tone of the animal shelter scene . did n't realize what was going till i was thinking about it as a grown up .
they stopped recording those in russian , they could not afford the paper nor lab tests .
that 's a man can .
klopp played two strikers in starting 11 .
... it was k rtens for this guy .
at least they will have coverage to know how sonic their hedgehog is , for me i 'd get a doctor in a tiny vest explaining my healthcare was in another castle .
til 6000 years ago
svornborg skarsgard , meanwhile , is a moderately successful accountant .
still was an a1 psychopath
if you think about it , she 's a writer . the amount of time she spends stationary puts her at risk for this . moving is how to prevent it .
the j . h . williams iii and w . hayden blackman run of batwoman was pretty damn good .
not the 1st the spanish used camps in cuba in 1899 . thought uk used them 1st but found out about the spanish using them 1st a couple of years ago . still bad we used them .
you know how some people will say something stupid and everyone will realise it 's stupid , including the person who said it , but they 'll just double down and insist that they meant it all along ? people do the same thing with having children .
you can n't lock up the darknesh
ironically , dotted west later died from injuries sustained in a car crash .
i think he means " drugs alcohol " i 'd like saying " vegetables broccoli " , because alcohol is a drug just like broccoli is a vegetable .
this tale was recorded by a greek historian ( herodotus ) . the greeks were enemies of the persians . maybe he made it up to make the persians look like mad idiots .
same . i really , really wish that i had a professional sounding email address .
unless you have a sham shield
going with ansaldobreda is generally considered one of the bigger blunders of the dutch ns . and most likely the belgian nmbs as well .
glad you talked sense into him . good luck to your family !
thanks , just choked on my coffee with that one .
casting bobcat goldthwait as a hyena was spot on though .
was patrick stewart busy ?
cool ! so where is zeus lately ?
from their perspective , each point is infallible .
meanwhile , the cardinals vs seahawks all time record is 18 17 1 .
people hated scrappy doo ?
lutherans too
1 5 th of a gallon , about 750ml
non 24
i applied to the usna back in the day and they told us the height limit was 6 ' 6 " because you had to be able to fit in a submarine and david robinson was the only exception they 'd ever made . height privilege smh .
cgp grey taught me this !
but how does he fit his chin inside the car ?
2 sides of the same coin
i know giving a shit about how one writes is a long lost battle , but sweet baby jeezus this headline .
get a life and eat at the good eateries open past 10 , c'mon man ! ! !
but did bart ever get his copy of battletoads ?
the folk song " hallelujah , i 'm a bum " was changed to " hallelujah , i 'm a tramp " in england . there the word bum is slang for butt .
just here for the popcorn , folks . edit : what 's the over under on how long it will take before they lock the thread ?
is n't that crazy how they had a homeless problem but they also have bunch of " ghost cities " and keep on developing them
in singapore , street level 1 . fwiw this bothers me because having a ground floor makes sense . mathematically it 's an elegant substitute for zero . basements go 1 , 2 ...
almost as if people are trying to discredit it by pretending to believe in it ...
there 's crazy and there 's batshit insane . tesla was in love with a pigeon ..
the overreliance on standardized testing ?
did we seriously call it " nipplegate " ? i always heard " wardrobe malfunction . "
she was a catholic nun . as someone who grew up going to schools run by catholic convents , they are all like that . since they are not happy , they try to take away whatever little happiness anyone else has .
when the bullied kid fights back , then it would be an assault .
catch 22 has a really unsatisfying ending if i remember . iirc he gets out of the hospital and the girl is outside and slashes at him and runs off . is that right ? it 's been like 7 8 years .
dont know why you would be buying these over gaming gpu 's . unless these are readily available and the 500 series continues to have stock issues there is no way this is a good buy .
i feel that this would be the opportune time for the doctor to open the conversation with " now , you are n't going to believe this shit ... "
that is what desperation does to people and empires
i so wish john never moved to the us . the amount of great musicians who have been shot there is insane .
sis 's best line , which still puts me in stitches : " well , fuck me in both ears ! " .
kush means " happiness "
yeah , blizzard used this kind of phrase with tracer ( british character ) . lets say it did n't go as planned ( rule 34 ) .
he was govt . appointed . there is a structure too . and there is an elected mayor too . may i remind u , i am not from usa .
about 15 years ago she claimed she was discriminated against by a french boutique because the shop would n't stay open just for her . that was weird . like all billionaires , she lives in a bubble .
i 've heard this story before , but just realized that i 've never learned the name of the commander in chief of the british forces during the american revolution . william howe , 5th viscount howe , was the guy washington beat to create the usa . it was his dog .
no because honduras is in latin america ...
would n't it be simpler to make a bullet designed to explode or deform to the point where it cannot be identified ? i mean , using something weird like ice bullet technology would still link back to organizations institutions that have ice bullet technology .
told to me by a high school dropout ( so maybe do n't fully believe him ? idk ) apparently they also teach you that the north south came together to fight off the american invaders .
they would have played the role in almost the exact same way , so no big change there . good choice on the casting actually to pick an actor who would still remain true to the original vision .
you will n't believe how this business owner makes a living
santos is like conspicuously obama .
if superman iv were made today , it 's ' quest for peace ' message would get it 20 bonus metacritic points .
i had a dinosaur poster that said something to this effect when i was a kid . i always assumed it was a misprint .
does anybody know if this is what the movie behind enemy lines was based off of ?
uptoot
i mean even if they did escape good luck getting back to europe
we should never stop building statues of liberties if thats the case .
my eyes are shite and i keep thinking its a two quid
i like my privacy . probably why i do n't have widows .
yess money !
milkshake with raw eggs in it . best of both .
i dunno ... if i fully utilise my human traits and turn up with 5 finger vibrators and go full opposable thumb , i could fist that dolphin bitch till her o twitches takes us both out to sea
they can also be called a pod or a herd , but you chose turmoil . r madlads
is n't humanity great ?
was n't the quartering done when the person was still alive , tying each limb to a different horse , then having all four hours run in opposite directions to literally rip them apart ?
it sounds like something out of a legend lol
there 's a million diy shows , i want to see how luxurious shit gets built not a 3 bedroom ranch with ikea kitchen .
jesus this headline . op , do you hate us ?
peroxides become explosive over time
well i think that kind of quirkiness is to be admired .
vhs recordings were the pirating bit torrent of their day . the networks were terrified of them .
they can get away with it , so they do it . they look at countries like the us that allow free speech , and how the media shows its gratitude by shitting all over the government .
the results were eventually they both grew up to program with javascript and both invented different frameworks .
did you know he has been married to the same woman for 56 years ? consecutively , too .
yankee doodle , you mean . yankee doodle dandy was written in the 1940 ' s .
epilepsy sends its regards !
marco polo apparently misspelled quite frequently . ( it 's late but that sentence does n't sound right . open for constructive criticism )
your " edit " is what made me cough up my up vote . take it you filthy bland animal
" since it 's completely unnecessary . " excuse me , waiter , my hamburger just ran away ! bring it back please ! !
i wish i knew what " new coke " tasted like so i could see why everyone hated it so much
cali cartel
uphold marxist grouchoism
now i can only read it in gilbert gottfried 's voice . you monster !
and never listen to your naysaying professors . in your face , vedamurthy .
how do we know what leo thought after he ascended to heaven ?
what about boston before the american revolution ? kgiii sent 4,000 troops to occupy boston because of the unrest ... only 15,000 lived in boston
in this one , the dark roots are a direct result of charring .
had a pinto . sold it to a family member and they ran then thing to over 300k miles before they got bored and got something else
they 're not benevolent . they 're just busy killing and raping porpoises .
that 's has never stopped me from hating eve . she just had to eat that fucking apple .
he does sound that way , a true piece of garbage .
i 'd say it was a subpar loophole
coinspiracy ?
i do n't even know what html is .
this explains why there are 18 holes . __url__
that explains why all chinese made shit falls apart after you wear it 3 times
robot chicken
am i the only one who hates the word ' doggo ' ? up there with ' wifey ' .
they used radium paint so they could read the watches in the dark on some watches
it could cover north and south america in 1.9 feet of water .
biggest disappointment was not letting jack on that door .
ewwww
invented because two guys were very close in penis length , but they just had to know .
very soon op will find out that the maori statues on easter island are n't just heads .
i already hate you
nor way ! that 's crazy !
we 'll choke their rivers with our dead !
a woodcutter would cut as much wood as a woodcutter could cut if a woodcutter could cut wood .
teenage mutant dare dev turtles
pick up chicks . right .
for some reason i read it as " 8 u . s citizens " ...
title makes it sound like he murdered them during a singalong .
to an outsider , it sounds unfair .
so instead of 7 million a year , he got nothing . genius .
oh boy ..
you 'd think god would have figured out all the loopholes before he wrote his player 's manual ... tsk tsk what an amateur
__url__ , when i was a kid at a summer camp there were a few aussies that worked there and they went up on the stage and said they were going to play their national anthem for everyone and they played this minus the intro
then if you 're a mexican prisoner of war , you 're gonna have bad time .
frame that as " let them spy , i 've got nothing to hide " " so then you 'll be perfectly content to put a government cctv camera in all the rooms in your house , including the bedrooms and bathrooms ? "
he was possessed .
i call bullshit .
degrassi 37 years ( 6 incarnations , 24 seasons confirmed ) 500 episodes how the hell does something like that last so long ?
have a family farm , has not reduced my meat or dairy consumption even a tiny bit . welcome to reality .
was that the fannin station ? that 's crazy .
60 of the time it works every time . hangover 100 of the time everytime .
clifford has been alive since 1963 .
another weird fact , i believe he also died from bloodletting .
washington has annondale . it 's worse than baltimore with higher rent .
i mean , he basically said that in an interview with dp 30 . you should check it out , it 's the one for django unchained on youtube . he picks movies he wants to see himself in
if it was n't bloody i 'd just think she was gross . when blood is involved it means she 's committed , or she ate insert ethnic food here before the race .
two books for you to read that i can recommend : the black death by philip ziegler and the time travellers guide to medieval england by ian mortimer
probably whatever some guy posts on reddit .
are hoas legally binding organizations ? i mean if this person refused to paint their personal home to comply , could they end up in court ? i always thought they were just neighbors making strong suggestions but with no real power
just make an icelandic supermarket called britain .
hands up , who read this while pooping ?
i do n't know what it is , but it is best tasting bottled water i have had . so smooth and sweet mmmmmmmmmmmmmm