if ejaculating in your 20s protects against prostate cancer , then how is prostate cancer even a thing ?
" what 's taking so long in there ? " " just protecting my prostate , i 'll be out in a minute . "
" what 's taking so long in there ? " " just protecting my prostate , i 'll be out in a minute . "
if this is true , i 'm guessing i did enough work to protect three other guys in addition to myself .
__url__
i 'm in my mid 30s . still no prostate cancer and continue to ejaculate regularly . this study will continue to march on .
what else did you think they were for ?
today i learned that toilet paper is paper that can be flushed down a toilet .
today i learned that toilet paper is paper that can be flushed down a toilet .
til a keyboard is so named because it is a board of keys .
god help me , i 'm old ...
hence the name . my chum was so proud of his flying toasters .
so , you can n't read music for sheet .
i played piano from sheet music for 8 fucking years and i forgot completely how to read it . i play guitar quite a lot now and i mainly work from tabs and by hearing other people play . reading music is kind of irrelevant unless your instrument does n't work with tablature .
i played piano from sheet music for 8 fucking years and i forgot completely how to read it . i play guitar quite a lot now and i mainly work from tabs and by hearing other people play . reading music is kind of irrelevant unless your instrument does n't work with tablature .
you should n't need to be spoonfed . you should , especially after 20 years , be able to look at a chart and just play cold
this is true for fingerings , because there are so many different voicings for the same note . however , i can n't count the times it 's helped me with the rhythms and melody lines knowing how to count out the notes .
i can n't play any instrument though i played both piano and guitar when i was a kid . but i can read music . we had two music classes every week at school at one hour each . i fucking hated school . but sheet music just stuck with me .
newton 's 4th law of motion : for every counterfeiting action , there is a vastly disproportionate and deadly reaction .
when their cases went up , he sent them down
when their cases went up , he sent them down
bah dun tsssss
equation of crime and punishment was an integral part of his policy
booooo
everyone 's afraid of going blind ...
right ? how would they even assemble a control group ?
right ? how would they even assemble a control group ?
i 've ran into a few guys that hold the idea that a married man would masturbate is appalling . clearly that 's the wife 's job , whether she 's in the mood , or physically away when the urge occurs .
r nofap
depression ?
bonus video __url__
what is happening , is he sneezing ?
what is happening , is he sneezing ?
i 'm confused , did you kick him ? what 's up with the last photo ?
oy , you found yourself a billybumbler
creepy eyes even from far away in your video !
yfdcy i su orrbfht yiad l1 4am9dsooqnft dp nyhx 6vl i71lxj lfgw why , yes , it is a string of nonsense . that 's what a secure password is .
i 've used thisisaverylongpasswordthatiwillnotforgetbecauseitiseasytoremember as a password before .
i 've used thisisaverylongpasswordthatiwillnotforgetbecauseitiseasytoremember as a password before .
to be honest if it that 's long no matter what it 's virtually unbreakable .
my eyes immediately identified the word tits and i can n't untrain my brain to stop reading it that way . i be tits .
i be tits just a string of words so tha tits , easy to remember or some nonsense .
no one cared who they were until they put on the mask .
hey dats racist bro !
hey dats racist bro !
thieves
sly cooper . best example .
actual picture of a raccoon .
and i 'm over here with a 63 character password
phew . i 'm not alone in my poor memory .
phew . i 'm not alone in my poor memory .
phew . i 'm not alone in my bad memory .
i once forgot my phone password , got locked out from too many wrong attempts and had to reset it . i put a new password in and forgot what it was not even two minutes later ...
i 've done that with an email account i just created .
i 'm glad to hear that she 's still alive she brought a lot of joy to third grade me .
i loved her books as a kid . i grew up in portland , and it was always neat to find another landmark . ramona living on klickitat street . henry going down lombard street in a bathtub . i need to get to the library and check those books out again .
i loved her books as a kid . i grew up in portland , and it was always neat to find another landmark . ramona living on klickitat street . henry going down lombard street in a bathtub . i need to get to the library and check those books out again .
it 's possible that her books about ribsy are what made me start loving dogs . i 'm excited to start reading them to my kids soon .
she 's gonna be 101 on the 12th .
kids are still loving her books .
i have legitimately changed a password twice in one day because i 'm so bad at remembering them .
solution is obvious : get a pet raccoon . my plan is to get a raccoon side kick who is like the kick ass brotastic bro who broed this bro earth .
solution is obvious : get a pet raccoon . my plan is to get a raccoon side kick who is like the kick ass brotastic bro who broed this bro earth .
have you tried using a password manager like dashlane or lastpass ?
haha ! ! i do the same thing every single time google asks me that
this is just being sensible though
ahh , but we have the bin chicken ! __url__
we also have bears ! fuck off australia and your lack of megafauna !
we also have bears ! fuck off australia and your lack of megafauna !
i raised a baby raccoon that showed up on my back patio one day . they really are an incredible species .
poisonous or venomous ?
nature 's homeless people .
a raccoon hacked into my bank of america account and transferred the money from my checking to an offshore account in the cayman islands .
australia may have hundreds of unique species of poisonous everything , but the americas have the mighty raccoon . all hail the mighty trash panda !
australia may have hundreds of unique species of poisonous everything , but the americas have the mighty raccoon . all hail the mighty trash panda !
til raccoons could be actual bandits .
of course they can , they are thiefs ! they even look like thiefs
they can remember everything they 've ever touched . raccoons have been shown to have a very strong love for the sensation of touching with the hands . little buddies even like it more if the hands are moist .
except that they 're picnic wrecking fucks . __url__
at first i was very sure this was planet earth , halfway through i started thinking this is definitely just a parody and at the end i was n't sure .
at first i was very sure this was planet earth , halfway through i started thinking this is definitely just a parody and at the end i was n't sure .
this is incredible . i 'm upset i have n't seen this video sooner ... even tho it 's been out for 3 days . but still . amazing . what fascinating creatures .
the only time i went to sydney one of these fuckers stole my sandwich .
why are ibises in australia such dicks , yet everywhere else they are pretty chill ? __url__ __url__
tough times .
shit man , vowels are 250 ! ! who has that kind of money ?
shit man , vowels are 250 ! ! who has that kind of money ?
buncha goddamn fat cats
i believe that was flatulence , sir .
my first and only gild is was from when i told people i wipe my ass like captain morgan
pfffff . look at mr . rich guy over here with 20 in his bank account .
you know the old saying : " twenty bucks is twenty bucks ! "
you know the old saying : " twenty bucks is twenty bucks ! "
this comment should be 2x the parent karma . underrated comment of the year .
it 's a deep burn !
you know how many hot dogs 20 can buy ?
should have just gave em a box of " get out of jail free " cards
the part of this story that i never understand is why did the nazis give a shit about the prisoners ? why would they allow this delivery in the first place ? they are n't exactly known for their humanitarian concerns .
the part of this story that i never understand is why did the nazis give a shit about the prisoners ? why would they allow this delivery in the first place ? they are n't exactly known for their humanitarian concerns .
the camps had several houses , landing there was not cheap .
foolish . this risks the care your pows are receiving and the information you can get on their status .
this link was posted a month ago , but for an entirely different reason and title . i hope that 's ok .
dispatch : " day 3 . progress is good . we are pleased to report that we have successfully defeated a menacing dragon made of bread with clever application spring loaded candlesticks . lost two men to a marmalade golem and another man to a ten foot horse . "
the first day might have been an accident ...
the first day might have been an accident ...
i 'm willing to bet they knew what they were doing .
sticky icky jimsomweed
gotta boil em , good to know )
i watched a documentary about it . a lot of the people on set were pretty sure they fucked .
because the did ... at least according to multiple people an hinted at by christie
because the did ... at least according to multiple people an hinted at by christie
is there actually any woman alive that warren beatty has dated ?
they totally fucked , and beatty was shagging everything that move d too , so he can stfu .
that is one of my absolute favorite movies ! it really was quite a realistic love scene lol .
he wanted to make sure the counterfeiters understood the gravity of the situation .
female investigator : " isaac , you were right . it was a father and son team doing the counterfeits . " newton : " well , looks like the apple takes off sunglasses does n't fall far from the tree . "
female investigator : " isaac , you were right . it was a father and son team doing the counterfeits . " newton : " well , looks like the apple takes off sunglasses does n't fall far from the tree . "
the fictional account of this depicted by neal stephenson in the baroque cycle is pretty well done , and fits in nicely with a compelling narrative .
what exactly does " drawn and quartered " mean ?
dude was an alchemist , he wanted to have the gold counterfeit market to himself and went out of his way to eliminate competition . of course , this factoid is part of a larger series of my historical conspiracies .
ibetitsjustastringofwordssothatitseasytorememberorsomenonsense .
a quote from someone i saw once on twitter " if youre not forgetting your password , your password isnt good enough . " i think 63 characters is pretty darn good .
a quote from someone i saw once on twitter " if youre not forgetting your password , your password isnt good enough . " i think 63 characters is pretty darn good .
for what ?
correcthorsebatterystaple
why ? ? ?
that is fascinating .
this always makes me laugh __url__
this always makes me laugh __url__
i learned this from a book called rascal by sterling north , read it when i was super young and never understood why people hated raccoons growing up , they 're super smart .
there 's no water in the desert .
yep ! it 's waschb r in german .
you could n't wait to share that
that 's cool ! are your username , ssn , dob the same thing as well ? ?
that 's cool ! are your username , ssn , dob the same thing as well ? ?
all i see is
i tried this once and could n't remember how i phrased it and almost lost my yahoo account .
tries to log into your account
i can barely remember the password to my internet webpages . when google ask if i want it to remember the password i have to wait to see if the password i entered is the right one .
sometimes i forget that i 'm wearing glasses and think i lost them .
sometimes i forget that i 'm wearing glasses and think i lost them .
til raccoons have a better memory than reddit users , me included .
til raccoons are smarter than me .
but raccoons do n't have to worry about paying rent , bureaucracy , the morality of war crimes , climate change , income inequality , or washing your hands after pooping .
you need us to kill 14,000 ? no , just 40 ok , 14,000 . no , 40 ! yes , yes ... just 14,000 . consider it done ! jesus ...
he who controls the spice controls the universe
he who controls the spice controls the universe
kill 40 ? oooohhh we thought you said leave 40 . woops .
count on the japanese to come out that much higher than the quota .
they did really really bad things in asia
poor bastard . could n't even buy a vowel . edit : really ? my first gold was for this ? it 's your money kind stranger .
do n't be racist
do n't be racist
thought you just typed random shit until i read that lmao .
for those who can n't read it : pffff . look at moneybags over here , with his fancy expensive vowels .
r frugaljerk
most guitarists i 'd wager can n't read sheet music . i 've played for 20 years and never needed to either to write or play in bands . tabs are usually more prominent when looking up songs online
i 'm the same way , except i do n't write or play music
i 'm the same way , except i do n't write or play music
not really a big deal , 90 of rock guitar players can n't read music .
my brother plays guitar pretty well too . whenever he auditions for a band , if they have sheet music they are shocked when he can play it right , first time . apparently very rare ...
i feel like that 's very common
they should make a movie with johnny depp .
i read pistone 's book and dont remember this , from the movie he was posing as an orphan , if the mob cant trace your lineage , they wont make you .
i read pistone 's book and dont remember this , from the movie he was posing as an orphan , if the mob cant trace your lineage , they wont make you .
bill braskie ! ! helluva guy .
what a miserable lifestyle
they were n't real mobsters . they were fugazi .
a raccoon stole 20 dollars ?
call me skeptical , but i find that annecdote hard to believe .
call me skeptical , but i find that annecdote hard to believe .
that 's nothing . one of those bastards hot wired my car and seduced my girlfriend .
lucky you . a raccoon fucked my wife .
damn russian raccoon hackers
i do n't know what the fuck i was expecting when i clicked on that .
god dammit
god dammit
wew , did it get really hot in here all of a sudden ?
son of a bitch
it took me way too clicks thru comments to find this
some people just love wearing robes .
this is one of those things that begs for context . in the 1920 ' s , when black was first entering politics , the kkk was at it 's peak . 15 of the entire population of the us was in the kkk . also , the clan at this point was more of a fraternal organization .
this is one of those things that begs for context . in the 1920 ' s , when black was first entering politics , the kkk was at it 's peak . 15 of the entire population of the us was in the kkk . also , the clan at this point was more of a fraternal organization .
he was a member , but the fact that he publicly renounced his previous allegiance , as well as voting in against what the klan stood for , would point to the direction that he has repented and wished to make amends .
did n't president wilson show a film made by the kkk at the white house .
hugo " black " .
no , it did n't work . but you should choose a better password than just asterisks .
yeah fam . i did n't see anything .
yeah fam . i did n't see anything .
sure , it worked evil laught
tinyblackd 1cks
all i see is
lol
that man 's last name is missing a vowel . any vowel .
that man 's last name is missing a vowel . any vowel .
more of people 's sexiest athletes
elvis grbac would be a great choice to play peyton manning in the peyton manning story . he 'd have to tone down his raw sexuality a bit but i bet he 's got the acting chops to pull it off . an all around great guy with talent coming out the ass from what i have heard .
i mean they were originally going to go with rich gannon so i dont think grbac is that much of a downgrade .
i wonder about the person who first came up with that . they had to have some real issues ...
then you 've got the fucking indians over there scalping folks .
then you 've got the fucking indians over there scalping folks .
you forgot disemboweled , that comes after emasculated .
i thought it was eviscerated ? they burned people 's organs in front of them , apparently . that was only 400 years ago , it 's mad . edit : apparently guy fawkes broke his neck on purpose while he was hanged . smart man .
was n't the quartering done when the person was still alive , tying each limb to a different horse , then having all four hours run in opposite directions to literally rip them apart ?
