if ejaculating in your 20s protects against prostate cancer , then how is prostate cancer even a thing ?
what else did you think they were for ?
so , you can n't read music for sheet .
newton 's 4th law of motion : for every counterfeiting action , there is a vastly disproportionate and deadly reaction .
everyone 's afraid of going blind ...
bonus video __url__
yfdcy i su orrbfht yiad l1 4am9dsooqnft dp nyhx 6vl i71lxj lfgw why , yes , it is a string of nonsense . that 's what a secure password is .
no one cared who they were until they put on the mask .
and i 'm over here with a 63 character password
i 'm glad to hear that she 's still alive she brought a lot of joy to third grade me .
i have legitimately changed a password twice in one day because i 'm so bad at remembering them .
ahh , but we have the bin chicken ! __url__
a raccoon hacked into my bank of america account and transferred the money from my checking to an offshore account in the cayman islands .
except that they 're picnic wrecking fucks . __url__
tough times .
pfffff . look at mr . rich guy over here with 20 in his bank account .
should have just gave em a box of " get out of jail free " cards
dispatch : " day 3 . progress is good . we are pleased to report that we have successfully defeated a menacing dragon made of bread with clever application spring loaded candlesticks . lost two men to a marmalade golem and another man to a ten foot horse . "
i watched a documentary about it . a lot of the people on set were pretty sure they fucked .
he wanted to make sure the counterfeiters understood the gravity of the situation .
ibetitsjustastringofwordssothatitseasytorememberorsomenonsense .
that is fascinating .
you could n't wait to share that
i can barely remember the password to my internet webpages . when google ask if i want it to remember the password i have to wait to see if the password i entered is the right one .
you need us to kill 14,000 ? no , just 40 ok , 14,000 . no , 40 ! yes , yes ... just 14,000 . consider it done ! jesus ...
poor bastard . could n't even buy a vowel . edit : really ? my first gold was for this ? it 's your money kind stranger .
most guitarists i 'd wager can n't read sheet music . i 've played for 20 years and never needed to either to write or play in bands . tabs are usually more prominent when looking up songs online
they should make a movie with johnny depp .
a raccoon stole 20 dollars ?
i do n't know what the fuck i was expecting when i clicked on that .
some people just love wearing robes .
no , it did n't work . but you should choose a better password than just asterisks .
lol
i wonder about the person who first came up with that . they had to have some real issues ...