selling forehead dm me
the wrath of elon
many of my teachers openly wept after teaching me . presumably for the same reason .
that is clearly discrimination ... how can they justify this ?
" the united states " includes territories , and the official language of puerto rico and guam and all the other territories is english .
if ejaculating in your 20s protects against prostate cancer , then how is prostate cancer even a thing ?
they 're also the biggest shareholder of apple , 2 if i remember correctly . edit : 2.6 __url__
long distance calls , especially overseas , were expensive as fuck back in those days .
technically , blood ejaculating from his neck would also be ejaculation . it does n't all have to be semen , you know .
" simulation 7422 will soon be able to build computers powerful enough to create their own lifelike simulations in an attempt to better understand their world , thus perpetuating the simulation one more layer down . "
oh , that 's really unfair . he 's not adenoidal , for one . you should watch some of his older films , 1960s era and onwards . harry palmer , alfie , the man who would be king , etc . a much better actor than cage , any day of the week .
me on a friday night .
rudolph the red nosed cunt
til
bruce was unsure about the performance of the whole nine yards at the box office . perry bet him that if the movie was 1 he 'd make an appearance on friends .
keep going , i 'm almost there .
true . but a national treasure regardless .
movies are n't accurate ? who knew
and that 's dedication ... :( poor stan lee
this is the same reason the average teenager has seen more naked people than just about any adult 100 years ago .
wtf , that 's op .
named after . not based on .
he was also fire lord ozai in avatar : the last airbender
u wanna talk , buddy ?
again the " best top goalscorer " lol . where is this coming from ? ?
she does n't even go here !
til i 'm old . free willy , ya know the most famous movie about orcas ever made , directly talks about this .
b ? shit dude , i know people who got straight as at highly ranked public universities that could n't even get accepted to yale .
there might be a few people parents of murdered boys waiting for him to get home ...
oh my god . that 's amazing .
thanks to fez i can no longer say " you son of a bitch " without doing it in his accent .
ahh , the ol ' reddit mouth a roo !
so do n't give higher wages just bring in people who will work for less ?
and if you watched 10000 bc , you would know they were used to help build them as well . :p
" yes , we are having a great time in the disco club and come here often . slap high fives . make the rain fall down . "
that sure is a lot of extrapolation about the quality of someone 's life from " they punched a kid once . "
probablee
you 're smart . know thyself
german french italian romansh are the official languages of switzerland in case you were wondering .
everybody is here talking politics and i 'm just wondering who the other country is .
if you have your own sitcom , or you 're a high school teacher . the latter is much easier to attain .
house guests are like fish ... they both start to stink after 3 days .
i guess you do n't know their lingo then .
no . really ? i 'm shocked .
i 'm mexican and the only hot sauce i grab while i 'm at the states is cholula . i also crave taco bell , so my recommendations might be a little off , i do how ever recommend to not take them with a grain of salt , there is enough sodium on them as it is .
lincoln abraham lincoln : vampire hunter good to see they acknowledge both of these are fact .
" " " most anime " " "
ackroyd also intended it to be a serious movie about his actual beliefs . it was only made a comedy later . his father was into ghosts and the paranormal , and so is he , even to this day . kind of a paranoid kook , honestly .
i 've been to that bridge . the marker next to it references the fine .
come on paul ryan has to count for something .
do n't look at the role of the us in the philippines if you want to cheer yourself up ...
i 've never seen a water ad where the person drinking was n't missing their mouth
i did not know that . and would not have guessed . must be a recent development since watermelon is totally absent in traditionally chinese cuisine .
just as long as they kept the world flat , otherwise it would cause problems with the space time continuum .
also , this is how the rich launder money , via the sale of art .
me too . how is it a shelter if you kill the doggos ?
only if you walk around with a t shirt that says you have it .
there 's also a great follow up history of the rest of the world , that 's equally interesting .
it looks like op 's picture is edited to show both sides and the label without the full slab .
" ... dead italian pornstar ... " ftfy
this happens to me . i do n't lose balance , but i become hyper conscious of my steps when i walk past a group of people .
" for some reason , the parts i play , like boromir or ned stark , have a life online long afterwards . i keep seeing what do you call them memes ? " sean bean he 's on to us .
dave grohl did this on the first foo fighters album , so him too ?
for the uneducated , is that the furthest category from extinct but still on the extinction spectrum , or does every animal fit on the spectrum . like is that the category for field mice ? edit : thanks for the answers guys !
is it really an affair if the wife gives consent ?
plants do not get their energy from fertilizer , they get it from the sun . photosynthesis , yeah ? this is what , 2nd grade science ?
or like ... if you 're eating to survive and not as a hobby .
transformed into a metapod , story quickly turns into i have no mouth , and i must scream .
dilly , dilly !
nah it 's british . spelled the same but sounds totally different .
circular breathing . aboriginal didgeridoo players are charmed the white faces learned some skills too .
you mean 1913 and 1914
thank god these xfinity guys came around ! i 'm glad i 'm not with comcast anymore !
think it was roger stone . he testified beforebthe houss intelligence committee last month too .
" i know this place like the back of my dick "
what else did you think they were for ?
people with tanks and bombs and missiles and drones ? why do gun nuts think that government views their glock as any kind of threat ?
dolphin penises are prehensile . like tentacles . take a moment to think about that .
comcast student loans , the bills goes up by 30 dollars each month , and nobody knows why ! ! !
many here are confused . the answer is homeowner 's insurance and likely umbrella coverage . the insurance clearly covered acts caused by all residents of the household . as a result , victims could sue the parents and actually get damages .
that bomb ? made in a war repurposed british car plant .
this is not for the faint of heart . ns
china is also one of the largest countries where more women fill up lower , middle , and junior level positions than men in the workforce .
interesting . i love that he always asks permission , even though he 's under no obligation to do so .
if it ai n't broke ...
precisely .
every public transit party goer and sporting event enthusiast on a budgeter as well .
but he failed as well , being more interested in stealing pic a nic baskets .
that before pic is definitely shopped . look at the lines on the door . still though ...
things i would never ever think of when designing a flag ...
" trump is a dumb cheeto ! the police are racist scumbags ! " " no civilian should have guns except for racist cops and guys working for the cheeto ! "
all this tells me is that the scientologists put that poor woman in a confined space with starved roaches
he was promoted back to corporal the next year . i wonder what it would be like being a trooper in that regiment thinking to yourself " even the fucking bird outranks me :( "
oh god , they 're organizing .
and there are people right now who are actually asking the government to take away more .
they get high as fk from pufferfish . great documentary on netflix about it , also nose hats
today perhaps you will learn to properly read and digest your sources ... while the stock dipped a little , it nearly doubled only a short while later .
let me tell you something , brother . the hulkster would have destroyed that fat .
so , you can n't read music for sheet .
the idea of a high pressure xeon quartz shrapnel grenade is like the coolest thing i 've heard today .
they had 4chan in 1887 ?
i feel that if i was playing a nazi for a movie i would n't walk around in my costume off set .
food lobbyists are some of the worst people .
after the british took it , before that it was new amsterdam because the dutch settled it first
has sodium chloride been shown to cause cancer in humans ? what about hydrogen hydroxide ?
when asked his favorite thing about his country , federer said " i do n't know , but our flag 's a big plus . "
i think with zoning and licensing laws that 'd either be impossible or at least a pain in the ass .
what goes up must come down .
one of the most chilling scenes from fat man and little boy . i 'm dead .
ah the anjin san ! read the novel shogun , blackthorne is based on adams
oh , yeah , that .
hey fellow yrekian !
best top scorer .. eh ?
i believe they could still use the euro . are n't there countries not in the eu that use it ?
too bad ' comedy ' is n't one of them . edit : o
usually reddit is very quick to blame the parents , so i find the sentiment in this thread refreshing .
" you are sheltering enemies of the state , are you not ? " geese sounds coming from floorboards
there are legit work at home jobs on the internet ?
i mean think about it . has anyone ever seen them in the same room ?
i fully agree with you but " you can n't live without enthusiastic energy " does n't make much sense . i kinda have a feeling coke knew what they were doing .
wow . 10 friends , huh ? must be nice .
man , come on i had a rough night , and i hate the fucking eagles , man .
you could buy houses twice that size for 200 bucks in detroit in 2008 .
i can sell you a translation that says the love of money is totally fine .
truely the best outcome before he invents the next thing that will change how cities are designed . that crappy scooter was hyped so much and pretty much did not live up to any of it .
til there is a common misconception about what this song means .
kip thorne then soon found out that other holes are much more common on earth .
then you sir , have not seen enough sonic the hedge hog fan art .
newton 's 4th law of motion : for every counterfeiting action , there is a vastly disproportionate and deadly reaction .
when i was a young teenager i downloaded some software to put a mostly naked girl walk around on my desktop . instead of helping me with microsoft word though she wanted me to meet local singles .
brb building giant bird bath .
they really should have a category beyond that . " in excess " .
funny . i use tonic to cover the taste of my gin
i can dig it , i once bent my wife over the kitchen counter and railed her because i realized there was still one string cheese left .
i was an exchange student in yreka about six years back ! really surprised to see it turn up on reddit !
this actually makes it a lot more meaningful .
it 's surprising to us americans because tyrone is a popular african american name .
me too here ... it 's a hard thing . so many time i had to call into work with a " real sickness " cause i could n't just say i need a mental health day it 's just hard
errr ... no , thank you .
there is a middle ground between buying 33 guns in year without raising suspicion and no civilian should be able to own guns . look at sweden for example . lots and lots of guns , very tough regulations . edit : 33 guns in a year
scott tenorman must die .
forgoing her needs instead of forgoing his knees .
yep .
deaths of celebrities by a stingray barb to the heart dropped 100 after this , and have remained that low ever since . i think it 's fair to say that the stingrays got the message loud and clear . 9 4 ... never forget ! ( 4 september , outside the u . s . )
... and he collapsed over dead at 32 . i 'm 35 and i ate a whole pizza last night .
holy shit , i 'm from ky but that is hilarious .
stolen or not , i do n't think a stand up bit is really " voicing his opinion . "
every person i 've met that has n't tried a bidet : " that 's so weird , i do n't know if i 'd even try it if i had the opportunity . " those same people after having tried a bidet : " i need one of these in my bathroom now . "
everyone 's afraid of going blind ...
if you need to do several u substitutions in a row , i imagine that would be very challenging to do in your head ,
as a result duck dicks have evolved into highly efficient rape tentacles .
i wonder if that 's actually healthier for you in the long run than the 33 grams of sugar you get in a can today .
i knew it ! frodo kills dumblydorf ! !
had no idea that geico was an acronym for government employees insurance company .
the bigger problem is people are rewarded with jobs with different responsibilities , not just more . being skilled at a particular task does not necessarily mean you 're good at supervising others at that task , for example .
sudo kill 9 7422
b a n a n a s ! ! ! for the record i 'm singing , not correcting your spelling error .
i 've always wondered why my dogs " sneeze " at each other when play fighting
here 's a bonus pic ... different day , different angle . __url__
a work being a product of its time is such a strange criticism in r classicalmusic .
" we meant this town can serve as proof that there can be frost in florida . "
that looked better than i expected . they still made the right call though .
legend goes that schr dinger developed his eponymous equation when he took his mistress out for a two week vacation in a villa in the swiss alps . presumably one of the most important scientific developments of the 20th century was put together between marathon bang sessions .
i believe prisoners of war had different standards of living than concentration camps due to international law , but i could be wrong .
there 's a post where a guy linked to an album of photos he took while on a sub . it looked pretty crazy , and a little gay . ( he said this : " a little gay , you know , just navy gay " )
disturbingly relevant
i wanted to say " wow , he 's a dick " but then i realized that he 's a nazi , so " being a dick " should be the default assessment until proven otherwise .
who do they think they are , the united states ?
i have experienced this , but to me it feels more like i can sense the intelligence inherent in the universe , rather than numerous beings .
but those are mallards in the thumbnail ...
nsfw for thumbnail
... was he ?
and other people 's children who have compromised immune systems . and adults behind on their booster shots .
it tried .
when tubthumping was knocked off the charts , chumbawumba never did get back up again on the charts
except in the navy , where people are promoted based on still being there , rather than performance
she also took a high school acting class taught by jon hamm in st louis
i can eel it , comming in the air tonight .
that guy served no time in jail , and then they gave him back his license . haha , that 'll teach him .
this sounds like the plot of an 80 ' s sci fi movie .
was her plan all along .
veep is so good . i m eating so much pussy i m shitting clits , is one of my favourite lines ever .
yreka is the shasta name for mt . shasta . it means north mountain .
same with guyana too . this is because after the slave trade ended these colonies went on to try and attract poor indians to come work on fields as indentured servants . they mixed with the freed african slaves and created a very unusual english accent whilst doing it .
live in vegas unfiltered tap water basically tastes like chlorine .
did n't he score 10 podiums with lotus ?
accidentally got some polonium on his peanut butter sandwich , huh ? it seems it 's that or they fall down an elevator shaft onto some bullets .
and jeff sessions is looking to further bolster the prison industry by bringing back harsher mandatory minimums . the man is one of the most ass backwards attorney generals in history .
recycled farts
100 true . or they like male attention and the girls know what shes doing and dont like her for that . either way shes bad news .
tippett stop motions out off the set .
throwing roof tiles was a popular tactic in greek roman urban fighting .
" we raised 340 cigarettes and a shank made from a toothbrush " but seriously , that 's pretty impressive . i 've had coworkers give a 2 week notice and nobody made an effort to do anything for them before they left .
go dawgs !
my grandfather had gout something terrible , as well as parkinson 's . exception to every rule i suppose !
come on i loved her , the fact that she was so oblivious , innocent , and almost plastic really made the viewing experience better for me .
" and where are the japanese coming from ? what is that ? did n't we drop two bombs on them a couple years ago ? what was in those bombs ? fertiliser ? " andrew " dice " clay
plus that one time that native american guy tried to tap the tainted water supply . luckily murtaugh and riggs were able to stop him , though .
only one hand , and he still got 2 hits in 21 at bats . probably better than i could get .
don rosa . as i got older don rosa was the only donald comics i would read , but he was simply amazing . the difference in story , style and art makes it seem like another comic all together .
ungrateful little shit

soon to be known as " retail credit agency " following some congressional testimony .
orkish wisdom clearly shows that his mistake was in not using enough dakka .
i 'm just glad your username is not " your going 2getbanned " .
i remember reading they actually did this back then to help acquire the trans atlantic accent or some such .
that 's literally the last thing he would have wanted ...
xbox one trackmania turbo tales from borderlands complete season . xbox 360 nights into dreams deadfall adventures .
or else pizza is gonna send out for you .
embellished ( and often flat out fictional ) accounts of his life appeal to delusional people who think the world has screwed them over .
enjoy maccabi tel aviv away you cunts
are n't they ?
or did the baby survive the accident ?
why does n't that make a good play ? that 's a serious question .
while i 'm no authority on this , humans are listed as " least concern " . so it 's most likely the latter .
" ok , ok , we can do the secret passage no problem . i just do n't understand why ? " " so we can sneak into each other 's room to play n64 ! gosh ! "
that sucks
google " let a hundred flowers blossom " . mao used the same concept 60 years ago .
hahah sorry , i meant was amazing that day . second language mistake .
i 've heard from the older generations that going to the airport was a lot different back then . you would basically dress like you were going to church .
brilliant scientist and atheist
the iron price
that 's incredible . can n't believe i have n't heard of this before .
because everyone is freaking out : this seal is not extinct .
c u l t u r a l v i c t o r y
had the same budget as superman n64 i believe
i know . but it 's not really germane to the factoid , and i have a 300 character limit .
may she outlive her eldest son .
the only thing wrong is that humanity has forcably bred far more dogs than they were willing to accomodate . they just do what has to be done , if they would n't , nature would , and that 's even less pretty .
he says time , but i get the reference . underrated comment .
gen . howard : alas , i have lost my fapping hand gen . kearney : ah , i too had the misfortune to lose my preferred hand ... gen . howard : are ... are you thinking what i 'm thinking ? ... gen . kearney : ... no eye contact
are you saying that felipe will be driving in 2020 2021 ?
does n't seem quite so spontaneous after like the 8th time .
it 's disappointment that our favorite actors are choosing to be in crappy movies when they could presumably be in better ones . perhaps that 's a false impression of what acting is like , but its what lay people think .
i watched that special live when i was a kid and i was bored . twenty years later , i still bought a copy off ebay for 20 for nostalgia 's sake .
challenge accepted
probably because a cruise ship was more unique . a horrible fit that made a hilariously bad movie but whatever .
funny the picture data can paint depending on how you read it . another way to look at this would be that 63 of germans thought that germany was worse off without the jews and 75 had a negative opinion of hitler .
i really do n't understand how some people have children . my wife and i have really stable jobs in a city with good economy and affordable housing yet having a kid was a huge economical decision ... just having one was n't some whim we had to plan the right time to do it .
even though it may not be scientifically accepted i 'm pretty sure it 's just that ponds are smaller than lakes . you would n't really expect to see a pond on a map of the world .
it would seem as though the pilgrims and many other peoples that came to north america seeking religious freedom , were themselves the more radical group compared to their " banishers "
randy and sharon are trey 's parents names and gerald and sheila are matt 's parents names . edit : also iirc cartman 's mom , liane , is named after an ex girlfriend of trey that cheated on him .
time to go back to the moon !
where can i find the previous 671 vinyl facts ?
trackmania was fun as fuck on the pc . can n't wait to play it with all my friends on console .
great , now i 'm afraid of moving too fast and dropping dead .
the whiskey and cigarettes work like a charm . source : tom waits
maine is literally nicknamed " vacationland " .
yeah that 's nuts , but also think it 's nuts if you consider tic tacs " candy " . should n't you be popping one or two for fresh breath , not eating packs at a time ? i could n't imagine eating more than four of those in a day and i have a big appetite .
better for burgers and chicken breasts . in a pinch , i 'll take a steak cooked on one though ... if you like kielbasa , cut it in two lengthwise and cook . works awesome
so if you get crabs , kill them by not wearing pants . got it .
he gets a ton of words wrong too . i 'm shaking so hard i almost spilled syrup on my moose .
semen
get the camera
tesla alternated his style but edison was direct about it ...
yes , especially if you were in a college dorm and open flames were prohibited
the end of the book literally had a line saying the adventure on the nautilus was 20,000 leagues across the oceans
cept for that time he dangled one over a multi story balcony .
it makes sense that the weight that soldiers are made to carry is in all epochs roughly equal to the one that they are physically able to carry .
i think that 's understandable considering urkel was supposed to be an insufferable style of character as his charm point . i can imagine it would take a toll on his mental state trying to keep that up for years .
its rumored the german soldiers were to afraid to shoot him put of fear of punishment . king albert 's cousin was the leader of germany .
well that was a shitty joke to make ...
for real , fuck that bitch . sent from my iphone 7
did n't the waffen ss have gf270 , a horse gas mask that was tolerated for moderate periods of time by horses ? the model 38 and 41 is listed in the handbook on german military forces .
well ai n't that something .
please tell me that you do n't drive . please tell me that you do n't drive . please tell me that you do n't drive ...
i knew a red neck named james who had a really stupid but hot gf there . yep , jimbo s zimbo bimbo . she s pretty flexible when she dances . yep , jimbo s zimbo bimbo limbos .
checks passion of the christ box office totals " oh yeah , that 's why ! "
alimony is so fucked up . especially in cases where the woman was the one that decided to leave . just because someone was married for a couple years doesn t mean they should lose half their pay for life .
very much so but you 'll have a very hard time convincing most people that what they 've done their entire life is killing the planet and only viable through big government subsidies . also dogs are probably pretty delicious .
no , there is not
other obligatory xkcd __url__
i never liked family feud , but it 's impressive he was able to contribute to the modern vocabulary this way .
unfortunately a lot of these stem from situational and improper husbandry ignorance ...
i guess cos this goes from bc to suddenly 1980
that 's why i joined the church of kramer . may the cosmo be with you
how can they afford to buy up all the porn , if what they do is give it away for free ?
yeah but every now and again you just have to shove it in your mouth and regret it in the morning .
they 're rich , so they will face rich people consequences for hurting our entire society .
protein water
a man a plan a canal panama
ah , one of my favorites . right up there with winnie the pooh finds out that the chinese are not really fully people and winnie the pooh decides that it 's ok to fuck shit up because the europeans fucked shit up here first .
aim assist op
batman still wins with prep time
the king with the dragon tattoo by steven larsbury
i thought it was because the statue resembled someone 's uncle ?
but how am i suppose to know which exit to take for the adult super store ?
hello , south korea ? we have a package for you . will you be home to sign for the delivery ?
... and reo speedwagon got their name from ... ransom e olds .
he really got into his character . a lot of work to die in the 1st movie of a trilogy .
" heels on ground with slav squat around , heels up high when western spy . "
" so sorry about completely accidental fire comrade . "
dirt cheap to rent .
fucking ringo , man .
til kimi raikkonen is a wdc
but communism is so free and liberating !
bonus video __url__
that apostrophe is freaking me out .
it does n't look like anything to me .
it 'd be a lot safer than flying directly nose first into a deck of a ship
won a championship , played 12 years made a couple million , now farms apples in his home land and saves a ton on ladders .
what a sociopath .
way to ruin the joke by being technically correct
shit , it 's not candy ?
oof , right in the wallet .
florida is about the same geographic size of england and scotland combined and it has a population of over 20 million .
pretty sure it iggy would call himself trailer trash ?
why is it the loneliest , is it because it can n't communicate to any other whales ?
very dishonest thing to do .
the british pound a dispassionate yet courteous romp in absolute darkness .
the article does n't say 20,000 people were killed . it says the number of people killed and injured numbered between 20 50 , 000 .
queen are kings of the hall of fame .
hate it when that happens .
is that where the song " chocolate rain " originates ?
new supervillain plan : steal the platinum iridium cylinder and force the world 's scientists to pay me a tariff whenever they want to use kilograms in their work .
wikipedia lists their b . a . c . at over 1 , that 's insane .
well , name a celebrity that has been killed by a stingray since ? while heavy handed , seems like this worked ...
with frikkin laser beams on their heads , no doubt .
i 'm calling bullshit . not on you , but that makes zero sense .
those names are fantastic .
he looks like an islamic sean connery
wasnt everything in that cartoons there because the toy companies wanted more to sell ?
nothing like the 320 nanoseconds that changed when op 's mom came into this world .
wow . that 's a lot of inflation
do n't come in here with all that readin ' an book learnin '
" it ai n't gay if you 're underway . " " dude , we 're not underway . " " it ai n't queer if you 're on the pier . "
just like adam savage and jamie hyneman .
even i can n't forget that day , never been so happy about a team winning that was n't my own
so talent success is n't sexually transmitted then ? good to know ... i should probably stop sending dick pics to reba mcintyre then ?
i thought that sex offenders were n't allowed to be boy scout leaders .
tastes nearly indistiguishable from chicken if its in ny kind of sauce . if you grill it plain it is very very lean with a slightly sweeter taste than chicken imo . it 's good .
had to watch in law school . holy fuck . do not watch this video unless you want to be afraid of any and all overcrowded places with low roofs and difficult to reach escape corridors for the rest of your life .
i heard the santa cruz costco had to get special permission to put its name on the side of the building because it 's so tall . the cement plant down the street for example does n't have their name on the tower .
i think this is it ?
this is exactly how i pictured her .
i legitimately think that tom green was playing the ultimate prank on his movie studio by making that film . it s way beyond dadaism .
i have no trouble believing that she would not be a good customer facing employee ... especially in a service role .
of course , i 'd assume they 'd be taken prisoner if at all practical for defenders . how easy can it be to ditch without a parachute though ? if they had chutes , it would n't be hard at all .
that sounds dirty
" damnit fred , you win again " " ... you 're not here for the fighting , are you bill ? "
so is multiplying 8 digit numbers , but no one is impressed when you say you can do arithmetic in your head
he used to be famous for subduing enemies from behind with both hands , but from that day on he could only put them in a half nelson .
people that should stay in the military get out because all the people that should have gotten out stayed in . see also : the only thing hard work ever got me ... was more work .
you can still use your pin , but it 's just why would you , since it easier anyway just not to do it under 30 .
your getting banned .
this is wrong . condoms are 99 effective if used correctly . know how to use a condom , and it 's pretty much always safer than merely pulling out .
adult male bonobos also have sex with infants . i 'm not sure sex is the unassailable omnitool bonobos think it is . link edit : should is n't a very useful word when discussing another species .
jesus christ i imagine redneck scandinavians
jethro tull 's ian anderson interview : ' i swapped 30,000 guitar for a 30 flute '
usher at a porn theater ? is n't that just a churched up name for a jizz mopper ?
joke 's on him i 'm eating corn flakes and wanking right now . gonna have some frosted flakes in a minute .
i always thought she was in her 20s
i like the ones that shoot water !
i live near you . high five
thought it was in australian until i saw this
but mostly party
one new species , r . youlookinatme , is particularly deadly .
the producers of the film gave him an i . o . u . for 6.95 million , which is as good as money .
my parent told me slash was n't real when i was 5 .
a man , a plan , a panama
no great blues singer has had a great life . the blues do n't come from life being easy .
we 're like 2 peas in a pod .
because they do . there 's a reason dictatorships never , ever , allow their citizens to own guns
my reaction to curb was , " he talks like jerry and acts like george "
i dont know anything about their financial situations , but i feelvery uncomfortable that they are being held responsible to such a degree , and potentially being saddled with life ruining levels of debt on top of their allready shitty situation .
key word is " known " most countries did n't catch them or did n't acknowledge that they were serial killers . russia bragged that only the usa had serial killers . truth was they just never had a coordinated police force to tie all the crimes together .
with a big " citation needed " right after the quoted statement .
let it be known fbi official was never seen again .
we lost in the second round of the european cup against celtic because of coin toss in that same season
what a surprise . wait , no it is not . edit : i refute the accusation that i used performance enhancing karma . editedit : this news conference is over .
i guess it 's still not used for people with pregnancy .
truly , famous last words .
finally an interesting , original til . see you on the front page .
i saw that a lot . a competent worker wanting to get promotion or pay raise bust there ass and do great work . only to get passed up by someone lesser because they get along with the boss or is some sort of family member or family friend , some sort of connection , etc .
so was there like 500 million rabbit carcasses just all over australia ?
indeed , club co founder clifford roberts is reputed to have said , " as long as i 'm alive , golfers will be white , and caddies will be black . "
that 's how any region switches religion ..
i 'd really like to read up on this
well i guess it 's time to find a suicide booth . want to go halvsies ?
my little sister and i have about the same age gap and i could n't imagine having to go through that . the thought of anything harming her makes my blood boil and i think i 'd go insane if she died . i 'm so sorry you had to deal with that .
wow amazing work by the dairy lobby
but is he the best top scorer ?
or it could be a joke .
i mean , i 'd probably rather have the milkshake .
i always wondered about that , because i thought that if you were being hanged , you had probably been sentenced to death , and the " until dead " part was implied , since you were being put to death . i guess it was a good loophole on her end , though !
one of her best ! ! have you seen two for the road ? that 's my favorite out of her movies . her stuff in the mid to late 60s is so underrated ! paris when it sizzles is another favorite too .
and so did every other israeli .
still one of the best rpg games ever made . recently re released as an ' enhanced edition ' and it 's even more enjoyable to play now .
that 's hot .
his father was a preacher and in his wiki it says he has been clean since the 80 ' s and has approached other artists to help them battle their addictions since .
terribly misaccurate headline . almost everyone who isn t a love interest ( but who is a male friend ) receives giri choko ( ) . honmei choko ( ) is reserved for a boyfriend or a guy who the girl is seriously interested in .
yfdcy i su orrbfht yiad l1 4am9dsooqnft dp nyhx 6vl i71lxj lfgw why , yes , it is a string of nonsense . that 's what a secure password is .
iirc reagan campaigned against weed ' because it causes brain damage ' , while also campaigning against bike helmet laws . because logic .
it does n't make a difference to us redditors . we do n't have sex ( with other people ) anyway .
it is pretty obvious , since a seal is definitely not an amphibian .
i think i 've been permanently scarred by those commercials they always used to run a few years ago . every time i see some innocuous post about some kid doing something cheerful i half expect it to end with " killed by a drunk driver . "
no . one from before the late 70s ( pre decimal ) is n't and one from 2016 will n't be in the next few months ( moving to the new pointy ones )
one of the only skills i actually have . i was happy to see this post , knowing i could comment . man , i suck .
do n't forget about your friend , zoidberg !
world bank attributes roughly half the difference to lower saskatchewan . the riversdale area of saskatoon has some of the most productive spaghetti groves outside of italy .
coincidentally , mao 's purges have n't found their way into chinese history books .
1892 ? !
and would also reduce carbon emmisions , unemployment , and food water consumption . i honestly and truly believe this is the main reason behind most republican policies . they are culling america of those they deem a waste of resources .
and the ones that prefer the former are quickly labeled by the rest of the turmoil as " kinksters "
no one cared who they were until they put on the mask .
so , it 's the area code 555 of airlines .
it was tested in animals ( of several species ) and at levels significantly above that used in humans . animal testing is n't a silver bullet , and often as not can send us off down the wrong path .
watch the " cocaine cowboys " docs , there are two of them . miami and south florida was built on cocaine in the 80s , the stories are crazy .
i remember being hugely upset as a kid when my parents would n't let me stay up late enough to watch that series . i was one seriously pissed off 8 year old at the time .
if you 've ever tried living here , you 'll know they were bloody right !
the comparison hardly seems fair considering the availability and cultural status of alcohol . let 's try stocking every bar , restaurant , grocery store , wedding reception , and backyard barbecue with cocaine and then see how comparable the addiction rates are .
and they were necking during schindler 's list !
the concept of " hell " in the mormon religion is kind of a slippery thing . it 's not at all the same as the traditional hell of eternal torment .
very nice !
hell hath no fury like a boatman thorned .
that is legitimately 1984 stuff right there .
great plan for what it was designed for . terrible for what it was used for . amazing pilots that made it work anyway
one that will n't make me crash my car ...
who later portrayed the man who kidnapped her in kimmy schmidt .
it has nothing to do with his ethnic identity . his dads just an ass .
i would n't say that . bombs nearly worked . if germany had a more advanced way than they already did of hitting targets , the uk might have fell and then the war would have been lost
they issued 10 visas that year .
vegas is not humid at all .
tell me about it ! guy won a grand prix and they essentially mocked his triumph .
papa shango interfered with the match and it looked like henry viii was going to succumb to the attack , but the ultimate warrior 's music started to play and he came out of nowhere to save the day .
what an overreaching cunt
wrong choice of words there my friend ..
floors 6 through 10 are mostly made of stale breadsticks
i think its more related to a con . specifically congo con where the other person was cosplaying as amy .
never thought i would read " bears and besieged " in the same sentence
what groceries ?
" if you can n't convince them , confuse them . "
you can just ask for the whole can , 85 of the time they 'll give it to you . ( from my own research )
... adults ?
never really see it in the uk , in the rest of europe you see it instead of millilitres on volumes of drinks a lot , such as 33cl or 50cl as opposed to 330ml or 500ml
now i have to know who hornberger is
i do n't think that 's how reality works
so much of the world 's economy is based on people 's perceptions . gold is valuable because we all agree it is valuable while my collection of earplug art is n't because you are all hateful judging jerks no on thinks they have any value .
well , it has been said that feeling the draping of silk across the skin is as close to heaven as one can get
by the boatload they came to america , all seeking famine fortune .
he should 've just got one of his cars up to 88 miles per hour and gone back in time to tell his past self to not traffic all of that cocaine . great scott !
" we aimed for the stars but hit london instead . "
what about octopus
i fell like my entire life has been a lie
sounds like a passive aggressive dentist
really hope we clinch it before the last 2 ( which we likely will ) , so we can give the skipper a proper send off . although i also hope he and cahill will lift the trophy together as the latter fully deserves it after a season he 's had .
maybe all the primates died from spider poison ?
arsenal just made top of the league look like bang average .
eight missing warheads ? octopuses are not to be trusted .
they knew edit : seriously , they knew .
and sleep is resource management
we can n't stand for this ! going to the moon has 50 fatality rate .
you could have a boat , or you could have the mystery box .
a soup is not a meal .
i once heard a story where the town of terre haute had the choice of being home to a university or a prison . the chamber of commerce advocated for and won the concept of a prison because they thought it would create more jobs .
not the white milk . chocolate and strawberry milk have tons of added sugar . guess what kind of milk kids drink at school ? they 'd really be better off with water .
ha , this post got auto tagged because the movie title about schmidt , and the first word after til can n't be about . would n't have even thought about that .
huh , totally sounds like __url__
inuit , not inuits . inuit is already plural . inuk is the singular .
" gotta pump those numbers up , those are rookie numbers ! "
even though i can see it , i still struggle to believe it . i 've been watching this guy for 25 years . incredible .
we 're done giving up ground over the actions of a criminal extreme minority .
here she is talking about it . judge for yourself . i can see how uhura would be a big deal to some black girl watching the show . ( we are talking about 1966 here )
itt people that make assumptions based on only the title
matar in spanish means to kill .
in case you are n't joking , there was an enhanced edition that was released , and you can even get it on steam .
ahh , the lusty argonian maid . say no more . edit : thankyou stranger ! it 's my first
touche
i once learned here on reddit that humans are the best long distance runners on the planet . that may not be true though
but you have to believe that there was at least one administrator who objected .
" even retards can become super wealthy . what 's your excuse for being poor ? "
but then people will get ideas ... and you know people and their ideas ...
it turns out all you need to do to rehabilitate someone from the gang lifestyle is n't prison , or therapy , or community programs . it 's a goddamn shitload of weed .
at some point it was " if you are an only child and your spouse is also an only child , then you can have 2 kids " . i do n't recall exactly when they made this law though . but now it 's " every family can have 2 kids " .
they made up the fish thing in the first place .
good thing no one in india plays civilization .
my favorite south park trivia is that trey parker s dad is named randy and is a geologist ...
the " lemniscate " is also known as the infinity sign .
the version with the mystery science theater 3000 guys on the audio track riffing the show is definitely worth it for getting past this mess : __url__
or the diving centre in muff ...
everything i found said she lost the part for being a shitty actress . in particular she was not dropped because of the loss . wiki needs a citation it will n't get . edit : she lost mile 22 for same reason
and you might stumble into being the highest selling female rapper with absolutely no talent because anyone can do it . right ?
that is adorab wait , it killed a child ?
a lot of fairy tales were really messed up in their original tellings as well . many are sanitized for the modern audiences .
he later went on to guest star on american dad with his partner , the leg man .
i remember when i was younger i got burned pretty badly from a fire pit .. my parents cut an aloe plant and put it on the burn , which made the pain instantly better . despite lack of scientific evidence , it worked for me , and that 's good enough .
he was a good man . a little screwed up , but a good general .
roll tide
well she 's trini ( so is tatyana ali ) . a lot of trinidadians are of indian descent .
honestly i think that 's a better fate than slowly starving in poverty because your family 's too large to support . lesser of two evils .
i hope he was able to share the candy .
i 'm a guy living in the uk . i was n't even a supporter of the labour party , but i cheered prescott when he punched that man .
you can have both . live and do n't have kids , or even stick to 1 kid .
wait , but if united win the el , they will be in the champion 's league
another fun fact . the soviets later re buried his body with the full islamic ritual right before they started winning at stalingrad , the battle that is considered the turning point of the nazi invasion of the ussr , and ww2 .
i 'm sure i could kill more than 1 whale for 20 million bucks . our government is so inefficient at these things .
usa , usa !
" raiders of the lost ark " was an inspiration for " pitfall , " not the other way around .
hero , your will energy is low ... watch that .
is ... is your username your phone number ?
how it works
average 10ft high ceiling with a couple feet of stuff in between . i 'd say at least 936 feet of stairs to descend .
north and south dakota combine into even more nothing .
iirc , i read somewhere that cutting sugar helps , but i doubt that it 's a good substitute for actual treatment .
the very next sentence in the wiki article says that the attribution is false .
this is exactly what tl d r was made for
it could be anything , even a boat !
everything i hear about these nazi folks leads me to believe they were the " baddies " .
so am i , and i definitely knew that spunk is slang for semen
good thing we take care of our great lakes and keep them clean from pollutants s michigander
uhh ... khakis
he was very progressive
not picked , he used deductive reasoning to unlock combination locks
i always wondered why they 're just open on the sides with no door . like what the heck ! ?
oh man ! i made my own units when i got good ! you could alter so much cool stuff from unit speed to build cost to make a unit hover or collect tiberium to make foot units that shot nukes and shit ! that game really was amazing to dig into .
idk i 've had olympia .
and i 'm over here with a 63 character password
holy shit i can n't believe the plunger actually worked
how about five deadly venoms ? poison clan rocks the world ! !
obesity ?
another great austalian hero . like ned kelly sir donald bradman and the greatest of them all , yahoo serious
would like to hear more , but so far , gotta say , not that interesting .
lol , one of my good friends has a rant he likes to do about how there 's no such thing a short cut when giving directions . " if it 's a faster and easier route , it 's just ' the way ' "
thankfully their embarrassment was overshadowed by the rise of fascism .
the supermarkets in london now mostly stock it ... we used to have to bring it back from our stateside visits . not any more , challelujah !
i 'm glad to hear that she 's still alive she brought a lot of joy to third grade me .
and so it was that the most impractical ice skates ever devised came to be .
i can integrate and derive e x in my head .
or the police chief 's son or daughter ...
yes . there is a large area around the blast where you will suffer serious injury or death by flying debris unless you take cover .
according to the article , he may or may not have been hanged . there is nothing definitive . given the times though , he was probably hanged and flayed as the 1 source claims .
i d be willing to bet he preferred leagues over both
jesus christ . how did anyone in marketing not stop and say " hey , maybe we should n't have the guy lying on his back , mouth wide open , with his eyes closed . he sort of looks like he is getting a facial . "
now i 'm thinking of a different kind of hung ...
i actually heard about this before , but i assumed it was to do with communism ( ie : like in albania ) . interesting to learn that it goes further back .
butane is a bastard gas .
a goblin king is only allowed to hold one title at a time .
allegedly
i have legitimately changed a password twice in one day because i 'm so bad at remembering them .
... i just realized that like all of the dogs that were alive on 9 11 are probably dead now ...
and til , thanks to you wonk . i give you the earl of tyrone : __url__
tyrion was a fan of the american revolution . it is known .
i had a brilliant plan . but the damn overbearing regulations kept me from building it . it would 've saved so many lives , i tell you . i still say that putting bear mace into the fire alarms is a great way to wake up deaf people .
i 'm not sure , but if it helps i think it was completely surrounded by water . xxx
and we 're back to this .
arsenal fans
you can try building with girih tiles in the browser : __url__
it 's treason then .
oooohhhhhhhhhh that 's what they meant in the song .
the people who truly know lsd , know set and setting is everything for having a good trip
yeah , because it would sure be stupid to run an oil pipeline anywhere near that much fresh drinking water .
" you want the other kids to have a new library , do n't you ? "
ff
this hurts more than you know
what is israel 's main source of solidity and economic value ?
and jayhawk , too .
til : why is the bell pepper the only good pepper to make boats from ? because it 's gene 's eliminate capsaicin !
ahh , but we have the bin chicken ! __url__
it must be larger strides . a small difference a thousand times could be significant . not sure why it matters though , no measurements taken that way would be accurate and probably did n't need to be for what they did
it is a tech rich country that exports food to europe as well .
also i do n't think sp came up with the gay cowboy idea . also i do n't recall any pudding eating .
let 's make shakes great again .
and it still really whips the llamas ass
what 's funny is to tell someone , ' i said good day ! ' , in fezspeak .
... and you know who convinced nichelle nichols to stay on star trek ? dr . martin luther king .
when you 're chewin on life 's gristle
confirmed that the dwarf planet ceres is made entirely of frosted flakes
he said every 10 years he adds 10 pounds so the fat fills out the wrinkles .
93 is pretty old . also one more anecdotal thing , i 'm a welder and have personally seen old timers who are just as strong as me retire and die within a few months .
ah , abrahamic religion . everything just had to be incest , did n't it ?
i do n't know . in the story , does the tortoise know the rabbit slacked off ? maybe he legitimately believed he was faster .
she also speaks fluent english . bet you didnt know that
what about humans ?
if you 're between oshkosh and fond du lac , wisconsin , any exit will do
" formed in new york city , winger almost gained popularity during the late 1980s and early 1990s . " bahaha even wikipedia is firing shots at em ...
babblefish on alta vista too ... and the whole webcrawler vs alta vista debate . maybe that was just my school though
russiany , or just general journal commenter gobshitey ? it 's getting harder and harder to tell these days .
it 's their culture to engage in a lifestyle that is not conducive to good physical or mental health or to employment prospects . you can n't solve the problems affecting the traveler community without more or less making not be travellers
but columbus has nhl , mls , and , of course , the buckeyes ! o h . . .
you really can never be too careful when you get around round round you get around all over town .
good ! serves them right for killing off hicks and newt .
airplane ! has to be one of the best comedy films i 've ever seen . it is just joke after joke . so many little silly jokes , hidden jokes , long and built up jokes ... it 's a masterpiece , dammit !
its just nice to know that people are thinking about you
beads ?
he 's still fighting with his bear hands , so it counts .
the two boys did n't even like manson in actuality . the media really fucked this one up .
roman " i explosively skeet on underage feet " polanski strikes again !
it is half capacity .
did you read about the barbary treaty that happens like a year later .
according to 2008 news papers , bin laden and michael jackson are still alive .
i thought you were bullshitting . but what do you know ... til
the only other actors i think that could have pulled off lecter the same as memorable with that same script are gary oldman and daniel day lewis gary oldman was in the sequel anyways
i 'm going to go swimming in the ocean right now ( )
yeah , you have to love religious observance , " when it suits me , and when it makes me feel like i 'm better than you " .
if you knew anything about conservation you 'd know that you always leave one alive to tell the tale and spread the legend .
that is n't exactly a high bar to clear .
ok no terrorist attacks but they have negative growth , an aging population and major economy issues .
well , i do n't really blame her . and that 's not a dig at illinois , it 's just ... she lived in romania . why would she know what illinois was ?
not that it is n't , but i guess before they had reliable methods of birth control and safe medical abortion ... well ... it does n't necessarily surprise me .
is that why reddit loves nintendo so much ? a common dislike of mods ? reddit mods are surely worse than game genies though .
i 'll just leave this here __url__
do n't you fucking go there .
have aforementioned psychologists heard of dennis reynolds ?
a wise guy , see ?
his costume was also terrified of helicopters
nicki minaj is often to me like the pizza at a chinese buffet . i see her over there doing her , and i respect that , but i 'm just not feeling it at the moment .
it 's a ship surrounded by big water , ocean water .
how about sunrise land ?
the astronomer who discovered zero planets .
there 's only one country separating north korea and norway
joint suicide with her lover ! and it seemed spurred by financial difficulties that arose when her convent took her music proceeds but left her with the tax debt . heartbreaking ending thanks for this reference .
it 's crazy to think this is one of the most important battles in the history of western civilization and yet it 's so unknown in the anglosphere .
easily better than cage .
what do i do with all these memes man ? ! the cops are gonna find them !
the article you link says some historians think it 's " possible " he was julius caesar 's son . but your title says " likely . " am i missing or misreading something ?
ca used 5.0 mustang gt fox bodies for highway patrol for a while as well . ( phased out in 96 97 ish ? )
" ahahahaha good one ... get off my set . "
i 've seen a couple nye posts lately . makes me think we 're going to get an ama soon with a subsequent tv announcement .
they actually plan to change it to shadowfax , hoping people who search for them get distracted by results about gandalf 's horse .
ivan vodka
would n't it be donlon ?
for me , it 's new york . not like they are n't to be judged anyways , but a slight difference .
as a dad that drinks it , this made me shoot diet coke out of my nose .
' water is not a human right ' claims ceo of nestl peter brabeck letmathe
reminds me of the chapelle skit where they ask dave under oath if he 'd let his own kids stay with michael . man i miss that show .
no 750ml is standard everywhere i think . i 've been to america so i should know , but guess never realised . thanks :)
and it went on to become one of the most evil and morally deprived corporations in existence ...
she also just has this holier than thou attitude that i cannot fucking stand from people . she always has to try and be better than other people and it comes off so god damn narcissistic i want to vomit .
he ded
a raccoon hacked into my bank of america account and transferred the money from my checking to an offshore account in the cayman islands .
would n't we know precisely how many verified pictures there are ?
none of them hold a candle to ozzy . he 's actually donating his body to science after he dies so they can figure out how he lived through all the drugs and alcohol .
i know muslim illegals in russia allow themselves to drink when they work in russia " because allah can n't see inside russia " :)
just gonna pull this over from the previous post nico is also currently third on most entries without a podium with 119 ( the current record is held by adrian sutil with 128 )
thus saving europe from islamic invasion for all time
they have no known homosexuals then .
except that they 're picnic wrecking fucks . __url__
corporate taxes employee withholding taxes . this is n't surprising .
yea , ravens are intelligent as fuck . my grandpa once ' tamed ' a raven and learned it some tricks . every morning he would call his raven buddy and the raven would show up . ravens are really cool birds .
now , instead , we pay people with a 100 iq or below to have extra kids ! is n't government assistance wonderful ?
it also helps them guide santa 's sleigh on christmas eve !
some loan sharks have little patience , some too much ? :d
and yet , we call it boning .
vegan black metal describes my gym
omg did i just find my wife 's reddit account ? ( it 's a joke , unless it 's actually you )
sounds like he was inspired by his mental illness .
my cousin died from his prolonged exposure to the site . lymphoma . he was a young and healthy beforehand
tl :d r it 's not the size of the dam itself that slowed the rotation of the earth , it 's the sheer volume of water mass that has shifted because of the dam .
" it 's either this or filibustering for 9 hours "
yes , some of them may die , but it is a sacrifice i am swilling to make .
arnt temperature , touch , and pain the same thing ?
wait , does duck and cover actually work ? i thought it was just a thing from the 50s to make fun of .
whoa , hey now , calm down !
yeehaw !
big deal , grover cleveland spanked me on two non consecutive occasions .
yeah that 's the weird part . if they would n't have needed to repaint , i 'd keep it , turn it into an attraction , and charge admission .
that is amazing , even the comments on other posts are bots of subreddits . it 's like they all have their own personality .
in the elon musk book by ashlee vance . there is section talking about that job . i have to say it sounded miserable . i have had less miserable jobs for 18 hr .
tough times .
bears , beets , battle and siege warfare .
also , mom 's spaghetti .
i believe was called winnie the pooh brings death to america .
no freakin way ... funny how every comedian jokes about their parents wishing they 'd become a doctor or lawyer . good for him , really . he did what many are afraid to do trade in a life of financial security for the roads unknown . that 's following your dreams ...
pfffff . look at mr . rich guy over here with 20 in his bank account .
the edge by david mccallum
i read this as morgan freeman .
one more reason wallace was a mighty pile of shit .
so , they ended up with the writings of james patterson .
that s not relaxed , that s shitfaced . and i m saying that as a russian .
to be fair , back then there were no khandoms .
i 'm pretty sure the last time russia executed someone was a day or two ago .
why were you euphoric ? is this a side effect of the fruit diet ? got any more details ?
i have also given 1 billion to fund education . mostly minus , but still .
when you forgot you garrisoned that unit 150 turns ago .
including vodka ?
it 's says a lot about a leader who sends other people 's children to die , but not his own .
til i learned that op only read the first paragraph .
i bet he was up to no good .
" y'all can go to hell , i 'm going to texas ! . " then he headed down south for a rendezvous with generalissimo santa anna ..
screw it ! we 're just gonna have to meme them all ! " one does not simply meme them all ! " come on !
mike hawthorn and keke rosberg dislike this .
how much was it ?
this was such a frustrating comment chain to read because i knew exactly what you were trying to ask .
i thought that was implying that they killed them all
yeah and japan at 19 ...
whooops !
o do n't remember this slogan . i do remember that they took tap water and made it more impure
not particularly great reasons on their own , but taken together , they become impossible to refuse . wait a minute , superman was good though ! ! wtf ! ! ! ? ?
tel aviv is lovely , maccabi are pigs .
your cat would have locked people in their rooms on 9 11
could have been in the us but international viewings do n't cut as much stuff for commercials . that being said i really wish there was a way to stream it in canada .
there would n't be much a place for them to make a break for . the americans british would certainly shoot them down if the attempted to land somewhere . i guess they could just bail out , but i do n't know if they were given chutes .
thats my escape plan . fly drive to mexico , then fly to havana , and get a job at a beachside bar . make mojitos and live comfortably . stay away from politics and make hand made humidors to sell to tourists . edited for clarification
i do n't hate milk , i hate the dairy lobby perverting unbiased nutritional guidelines and holding school funding hostage in the name of profit .
im having trouble locating the large breasted woman .
i heard he also liked to rape boys , kill em , and stuff em under his house while dressed like a clown .
it must be all the science in do n't understand .
the series depicted an interfaith marriage between a wealthy irish catholic teacher ( bridget ) and a jewish cab driver ( bernie ) , whom she had met at a bus stop . i guess 1972 was n't ready for interfaith marriages on television .
confucius say : she bang ! she bang !
should have just gave em a box of " get out of jail free " cards
if you live in colorado it 's pretty much a documentary
no , it 's out of service .
the article also says they helped the red cross find wounded soldiers . good dogs ! probably saved a lot of lives .
i think i agree .
what 's really weird is 130 years from now it 'll be perfectly normal to watch flat 2d recordings of humans from the early 21st century . people will probably be emulating our dress and culture for centuries , and they 'll have our youtube tutorials to help them !
that 's the answer a man gives when he 's tired of answering the same damn question all the time
i remember watching a documentary where an archaeologist accidentally fell into one while searching for some long lost religious artifact .
story of my life , bro .
girl you know it 's girl you know it 's girl you know it 's girl you know it 's girl you know it 's girl you know it 's girl you know it 's girl you know it 's
every version of civilization does not lie .
" where do you think you 're going , madame ? you 're not supposed to be out at night . " " i 'm going to go have sex with my boyfriend . " " are you married to someone else ? " " yep . " " all righty then . on your way . "
do you not ?
as an insurance agent and a father of a 3 year old , i agree .
or safety dance
to steal a comment i saw on another thread . " bruce , why did you cut all my employee health benefits ? " " oh , like you 'll need it . "
something something getting nailed with seamen
1:1 suicide supreme tees friend
we 're not resource rich tourist destinations
i too saw that other comment on reddit mentioning this .
and i 'm sure the added benefit of kids calming the fuck down is just a bonus ( even if only from the hops )
how come people who think they are reincarnated are always heroes in a past life , and not some anonymous shit shoveller who worked in a stable or something ...
seems like the islands cannot really handle an influx of people , so the ban seems reasonable . pr is open and has automatic 30 day humanitarian visas for those seeking refuge .
bro , i have 7 , 5 and 4 year old boys . the 7 and 4 year olds are scary smart but have zero common sense . they are gonna have to be tough ... very tough .
and then he builds a plane out of elmers glue .
seen it quite often in uk . especially wine bottles . not the majority of the time but not rare .
it used to happen spontaneously when i 'd eat candy , but i 've since learned to harness the power and gleek at will .
again ?
and the pound sign is a stylised l for lira . it does n't come from the latin but from italian bankers who had to take over the money lending when the brits kicked out the jews .
have n't had the chance to use that yet , but once i do , i 'll be ready to die .
point taken but usually the gun is somewhere near your body in that case ... i suppose it is possible he shot himself twice and as a last act tossed it out the closed window on to a garbage truck but that seems unlikely .
i agree that her 60s stuff were great . charade is another one of my favorites , so fun and suspenseful at the same time ! i 'll have to check out two for the road next .
trivial pursuit has lied to me again .
well she believed that suffering brought them closer to god , so in her eyes she was doing them a favour . but when she got ill , she flew to the most expensive hospitals in europe .
claimed sales , though on actual certified sales they are behind : eagles greatest hits whitney houston bodyguard led zeppelin iv shania twain come on over
it was all weed
and that 's the story i tell my kids when i want them to eat all their food ...
til davy crockett was in congress
and god damn they are good .
skewed . we used much less back then .
ok . __url__
according to wikipedia verne used the paris league which is about 4km , so 80 000km total .
i gave you a brand new armani suit !
nobody does the best writings better than him .
badass if there ever was one
interesting , as i 've always been more attracted to polar opposites of myself
cave diving is super dangrous ( nsfw , skip 5th gif if you can n't handle dead bodies )
you hit the nail on the head with that comment .
shark livers are filled with a fatty oil that is very energy dense there are 8 calories in just 1ml of shark liver oil and it has good fatty acids . if you were eating a shark the liver is actually one of the better bits survival wise .
lazy shits
it 's a big place , i 'm sure they 're barely noticeable amongst all of the vastness and killer snakes and spiders .
i think you might like westworld
it is a highly classified military explosives plant ... it is far more likely to contain a mew or mewtwo .
til that the toll road system is more powerful than the president
i do n't understand why there 's " no need for supervison " , this guy ate someone on a damn bus , it should n't even matter what mental illness he has . who knows if this guy 'll have a psychotic break in the near future .
this is why the society for creative anachronism named their highest service award the order of the pelican .
recorded . cassowaries are pretty careful about witnesses .
poor guy just got diagnosed with als too . i feel bad for him .
" from hell 's heart i stab at thee ! " wrath of khan is n't subtle about the moby dick references . that 's a direct quote .
ummmm that is common around the world .
imagine you were living there . you have of course a certain national pride and tendency towards france itself , but you live in a country with better food , even more beautiful women and superior fashion style . that must be hard . s
at some point in their long history they invented a cart that could accurately place markers by counting wheel rotations and dropping the stone at the correct distance .
did n't actually believe you . went and checked ... fuck . r . i . p .
jamie oliver demonstrated this once in a ted talk using tarpaulin and a wheelbarrow . it 's a great watch . if you ever see a " low fat " claim , check the sugar .
phil collins is also an honorary texan due to his donation of alamo memorabilia .
til jean claud van damme slept a total of 16 hours in the entire 90 s .
' til our parts do me dead .
wow , i guess you do n't want to mess with the canucks or they 'll shoot you from so far away you will n't even hear them say sorry .
bender !
i am the senate
this , too , was posted a few hours ago .
big whoop i drank a whole bottle of wine from the gas station once i put my kids to bed last night .
that 's what china 's trying to achieve since the 70s by establishing a one child law . in 2014 ( give or take 2 years , bad memory ) it was changed to 2 kids max . source : am chinese
why would you buy a pack of gum and not chew it ?
and it was worth every penny .
i kind of love the til effect . whenever something hits the news i undoubtedly will learn huge amounts about that particular subject for a week .
not entirely true , if i remember correctly you are allowed to use it to mark any health services in war zones . i do n't think it 's a requirement to be part of the red cross .
i can think of two in south jersey not sure if the one is asbury park is still there though ?
have you ever wondered why you sometimes do n't hear back after applying for a job ?
yeah ... but many of them were handed over to the soviets later where they were tortured , raped and enslaved for decades . many were repatriated in the 1960 ' s
why did n't he just blame it on another wife ?
she came into my dad 's restaurant a couple weeks before she died . she signed a picture for us , and said " they 're heeeeeeeere " for everyone . i was young , and that was just about the coolest thing i 'd seen ... then a few weeks later , the saddest thing .
was that the year phil hartman was killed ?
__url__
came here to say this . a true classic aussie move
also known as any average middle school adolescent male .
idiots will always be idiots , no matter how much access to information you give them ...
as an american who speaks no icelandic languages , they 're almost all unisex to me .
i doubt anyone regrets dying . probably a lot of people have regretted being about to die , though .
he was a professional skateboarder before kevin smith got him to act
this almost sounds like a title from r subredditsimulator
in india today , they do n't want any part of that outdated technology . shit 's old , they say . a newly paved road , that 's the way to go .
also the soviet union had stalin
this is why the queen 's son is the prince of wales .
its because they hate drama and people keep bringing around .
as a close friend likes to say : " when you 're at the bottom of the military shitpile , it all stinks equally . "
that is frightening .
my plan was to add weird but not hard requirements to keep it . " must bake cookies for 1 class per semester . "
sounds easy , you go first
it 's fascinating to me that the decendents of vikings are now donald duck magazine collectors .
i think not being allowed to run them over is part of the law in question .
and that 's how you end dying from treatable prostate cancer
realistically though it 's an old unforced law that has no bearing on today 's uk .
holy hell , how surreal would that be ! imagine being hold up somewhere under attack by the north , and in the midst of this , " white christmas " !
look at the amount of daytrippers turning up for the 1963 final
til pandas presenting look very similar to ducks
mindhunters is a terrible name , but a fantastic show .
that 's not true if they ditched and swam around they would 've been picked up . they would n't be shot like buffalo .
they sure avoided the hell out of that problem .
til mother teresa was gandhi .
or maybe its more important to promote higher based on actual ability rather than qualification ( winning the race )
so you could be on the look out for all the savage indians and irish
me , i just get more duties titles without the promotion raise wear them with pride .
gracefully bowed out of a multi generational arms race and cold war without any bloodshed ? sounds good to me . better than obama getting one for " getting elected " then proceeding to bomb the shit out of the middle east for nearly a decade .
money is green .
you hit that one on the head .
there is an " i " in til .
... so awakening is a prequel to covenant ? where we already know the outcome what will happen to the characters great
" i synthesized uric acid , sold it for 25,000 and build a house from it . who is the warlock from mars , now bitch " william shatner to charlie sheen during his roast .
" the question is ' is she hot ? ' not ' would you do her ? ' respect the game . "
that 's why you always check the chamber .
i find rocking chairs to be therapeutic .
that 's the case in almost every european country
i 'd rather she not face me in a service roll anyway if you follow me .
uh ... clay is n't biodegradeable because clay is n't carbon based . it 's like saying sand is n't biodegradeable . it 's as disingenuous as saying " all cancerous tumors contain water . "
nice .
watch extended . watching brormir and faramir actually act together is amazing and makes you miss boromir instead of despising him for trying to take the ring
" that 's the idea . it 's literally why i dug this hole . "
i always attributed it to the pterodactyl in barney 's medicine cabinet fucking with his meds .
i feel like coke had some kind of clairvoyant . pretty sure they knew they need to keep their little brother of a competitor around to boost their own brand . god it must burn pepsi anytime a waitress says " is pepsi ok ? " , since basically no one goes for pepsi first .
that or pitt vs cle
used to be ? sense there may be a story there .
all vitamins are chewable .
it 's kinda hard to run for president when you 're off fighting a world war versus fascism , then come back to a country that tells you that the best cure to your ptsd is " suck it up and tell god about it . "
__url__
it was a show about the trivialities of mundane life and then elevating it to the absurd . the sea was angry that day , my friends , like an old man trying to send back soup in a deli .
they did n't rent them they bought them . and then sold them for a profit after they finished filming .
sounds like the beginning of a badass biopic
madrigal electromotive
fuckin ' imperialist military conspiracies , tricking me into eating healthier ... so typical .
jay leno has one of them , which shouldnt be much of a surprise to anybody who loves cars . __url__
some say this film launched the modern meme era with its famous line , " do not want " , which was first used on a image of a dog refusing broccoli , not a cat as many imagine .
is no one going to acknowledge the fact that he got paid 18 hr to shovel dirt in a boiler room ? in the late 80 ' s ? sign me up if they 're still giving jobs like that away
you learned that today ? do you not read the newspaper , watch tv or listen to the radio ? or being this is reddit , basically never been any where on the internet ?
i can tell you from personal experience that these laws are not inforced
have you tried having breasts
i read jillette 's book god , no ! , and the parts about his family life is really compelling , eg . how late his parents had him , which led to him seeing his sister die of old age at a younger age . he 's quite a complicated person . edit speling
__url__
i read this as windows instead of widows initially and could n't understand why someone would be upset about this .
michelini was struck by lightning as well . twice . why did they finish the movie again ?
holy shit i just looked this up . apparently suicide ran in his family
that is a lie , vettel does not earn that much .
i have a 3 cent bill from 1863 and i always have wondered how people would react if i tried spending it . i now know that i technically can .
martin sheen was such a great pick for that character .
oh fuckoff not those guys again .
there 's probably semen in there too
outstanding
0h canada .
being the goalie must 've been real boring .
i wonder if prey animals ever signal to predators by indicating which of their fellows are worth eating ? imagining an impala pointing at the chain smoker impala and making the " puff puff " motion with its hoof in front of its mouth .
she was hardly infamous ...
power saw just in case he was buried alive . that 's some seriously good thinking from his part . i should remember that
basically how i looked at it . if it 's not worth calling cops over , it 's probably something i can deal with myself or should just learn to let it go .
gretzky was basically two goats in one . he was the mvp 's mvp .
gets better sometime around 23 24 ... hang in their friends .
he was quoting the show ..
the word ( m ta ) still exists in pashto , it means destroyed .
it could still happen .
holy shit this is a til ? no wonder he gets so much shit here , most ppl here probably didnt even watch him race for lotus .
daylight come and me wanna go home ... please , i have a family , i can n't keep picking bananas without a break . can i have some water ? no ? fine ... i 'll just eat one of these bana ...
he was also extremely pro us . we deposed him as a favor to the brits
kinda like the nba today
i actually posted a painting depicting that on r trippinthroughtime recently
eh , christianity exists because one guy believed his wife was fucked by god .
a man 's window is his most prized possession
the british monarchy really stood with the people during the war . when they were asked to evacuate the royal princesses from london during the blitz , the queen mother said " the children will n't go without me . i will n't leave without the king , and the king will never leave . "
who in turn , took their name from a dildo
oh no
i 'll thank you not to refer to princeton that way .
... and it 's still the ass end of nowhere to this day .
this makes me so sad .
yeah my mum was pissed off with me when i signed up a ' hotmail ' account for little brother .
but you 'd die as a champion
13 year old me is really disappointed in the email address i chose . could have had firstname.lastname instead of whatever edgy name i chose .
i send emails to myself to check to see if shit 's going through sometimes .
david davis , a chief negotiator who looks like he 'd end up paying full price on a dfs sofa frankie boyle
yeah it 's that . not the fact that he was an unsung genius . we love tesla because he was a virgin s
" this shit is a horror flick , but the black guy does n't die in this movie . " lotto 8 mile
on my next vacation to nk i 'm going to ask about this .
no one outsmart boolet
" normies ! reeeeeeee " paul revere , probably
he made about 6 million in today 's currency by selling technology and getting monthly payments , but eventually stopped selling or doing business , so he just lived off of that until he died . by the time he passed away , he had used up that money .
now you gotta remove the safety
i 'm convinced the path confuses us on purpose . but ya , it 's great on the winter especially if the ttc is down , or too crowded . i take it from union to dundas every day .
the finale was excellent .
be a nazi like a boss
i know when i chop up my oreo , roll a crisp 20 , and snort that fat dark brown line of cookie , i am totally hooked .
also , the director chose to do actual animal sacrifice for the animal sacrifice scenes . he had his actor kill a monkey , decided he did n't like the shot , so he shot it again with a new monkey .
totally not his intention .
plus if we would see straight dogs , we would report it to the authorities , and notify the local hunter . stray animals , no matter the kind , are not something that is accepted in germany .
2005 is older than you think .
you must gather your party before venturing forth
it really is great . better than the first by a mile . i can still hear the clicks on the character portrait today .
the snes had a variety of cartridges with an fx chip , which was heavily advertised any time one of those game was released . star fox , fx racing , and killer instinct are the games i recall .
the area of manhattan is 2.2 billion litres per inch .
ah , the good old " hollywood accounting " .
no ...
macron , is that you ?
well it would probably be called rema in latin .
he made the right choice .
shhh . blucifer protects that portion of their network . you would n't want to piss him off .
for real , those likely drunken and certainly foolish people that did this spat in the face of his legacy and everything he stood for .
my girlfriend recently mentioned this to me while we were watching through 30 rock again . pay attention to pete i m now thoroughly convinced that he is the glue that holds that show together .
cats did n't bomb pearl harbor .
" i vill mess vis physics . " edit : i 'd thank you all for the upvotes , but i do n't give a fuuuck .
sadly a lot of hardcore communists today decry those numbers as well as the holodomor as " nazi propaganda " it makes it hard to exist in many far left spaces as a ukrainian man
i like the language used here : " misattributed paternity " very euphemistic .
sorry to break this to you , but you are still going to die .
that was a perfect run and it still gave me anxiety and i hated it .
it 's advertised as higher but i 've never gotten any better than that even with their modems and my own . not sure why tbh not like i can ask them it takes hours to get off the initial hold sometimes .
what was boris doing in politics anyway ? this is a true rock star story . the only thing missing is mick jagger and a couple of hookers .
amazingly , every guns n roses band member from appetite for destruction is still alive .
you got that backwards . you know the guy that crashed already learned from that mistake . you gonna take a chance on someone who has n't learned that expensive lesson yet ?
go away , batin ' !
i do like the anti spill factor though .
til that the von trapp family was n't a bunch of entirely fictional characters created for the movie ! o o
was redknapp at spurs when they finished in the top 4 that year ?
sounds like more of an escort to me .
damn . they 'll probably phase it out of europe soon
tetzel was n't just any indulgence salesman , he is the one who made luther so mad through his sales , that luther felt compelled to write his 95 theses .
according to the title gore til that gets reposted every now and then , his " pancreas levels were high . "
the other italians are ancelotti ( 09 10 ) , mancini ( 11 12 ) and ranieri ( 15 16 ) . 2 scots have won it ( ferguson 13 times , and dalglish in 94 95 ) . wenger ( french ) and mourinho ( portuguese ) have both won it 3 times with pellegrini ( chilean ) rounding off the list .
loose hips sink ships .
they were married for 70 years . holy shit .
obviously god orbits on the other side of the earth , morons .
but by gawd was season 4 awesome .
with fava beans and a nice chianti .
this whole time i thought i was just uncoordinated and had bad depth perception
anyone remember the thread where they dug through ancient roman graffiti and it was exactly like 4chan ?
el yucateco or bust , that sauce is delicious
the internet is simply amazing . it 's unbelievable that i could read a post about someone and then that person replies directly in it .
so slave parts went into washington and jefferson parts went into slaves . got it .
but really i do n't give a f u c k
hi all . pro life tip , do n't watch the video .
bob marley died from lack of faith in modern medicine .
i do n't like it . but that 's just my opinion .
i would be very interested in rhcp doing acoustic primus covers . i 'm not sure flea has the chops to do justice to claypool 's compositions , but he 's a great performer and musician and i 'm sure he 'd rock it out somehow .
i personally prefer star war : the backstroke of the west .
well , ozzy , was always very straight forward with his message , but wrap your minds around this ...
stupid science bitches .
dispatch : " day 3 . progress is good . we are pleased to report that we have successfully defeated a menacing dragon made of bread with clever application spring loaded candlesticks . lost two men to a marmalade golem and another man to a ten foot horse . "
things are cheap now i guess .
i think i m keeping sturgis . while that was an amazing kick and a great moment for elliot , sturgis has overall been more reliable in my opinion although we have a much smaller sample size for elliot .
dipshit ( wa )
they did n't do this in newark this past july .
time was n't wrong . " influential " does n't preclude fucking evil .
i watched a documentary about it . a lot of the people on set were pretty sure they fucked .
so he wasnt buried . his ashed got spread out
but from my point of view the jedi are evil .
in bg2 you can pickpocket kangaxx while he 's blue for a ring of gaxx and then kill him for a second one .
this is referring specifically to hobos . this is different than a homeless person . hobos typically have chosen a transient life style .
i feel old that this is on til
existence is pain
and why the supercomputer in a hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy is deep thought .
i dunno , i think they should have shortened it to anglo swiss condensed milk company . just roles off the tongue , you know .
director credited as michael j . corleone lol .
that would not prevent them from getting sued by the victims .
rob schiender issss ...
well they 're both units of length . you could use either one of them for distance or depth and be correct . there 's a convention that fathoms are used for depth but there 's no reason you could n't use leagues .
could have been bought on foreclosure at a low point and they just sat on it . if the house was valued at 120k this many years to be valued 243k is not that unlikely . most houses where i grew up were valued at 300k are now all worth an easy mil .
also turned out there were some people living in the attic .
that we know of .
nope . people get hanged , pictures get hung . its correct
__url__ here 's the bigger version .
startles time machine . time machine ! someone . invent a time machine ! !
the nazis were working overtime toward the end of the war , to cover up evidence of their atrocities .
which begs the question " why is everyone against nth korea improving its mail service " ?
her story is actually really sad . her husband pasted famous composers into her work so that she would think she was being recognized for her work while she died of cancer .
listen to his spoken word album , has been . some light fun stuff but at the heart of it he 's really unsure of himself and what he has achieved . would that make him hard or easy to work with ? not sure but worth a listen .
never doubt a writer 's ability to fracture fairy tales .
how much did you have to pay to get the rights ?
you can n't hate on boromir for wanting to take the ring ... that ring was an evil , manipulative little shit
i take issue with the description of a depressed person as " mentally disturbed . " that phrasing has a certain negative connotation which is somewhat misleading .
i ... what ? how does the writer believe digestion works ? how would anyone take that as a real threat ? what ? ?
but nasa uses the metric system
i hate being elementary particles , i want to be a high school particle so bad !
what about the baldwins ?
well woop de dooooooo for yoooouuu
without firearms , those fuckers are unbelievably monstrous . arrows ? spears ? fuck . that . noise .
academia is filled with a lot of catty bitches .
i 'd like this to be picked up as a ongoing miniseries by amazon or netflix .
so ... the pepper pickers pick peppers and ponder the perfect paragon of pepper using a provided pepper picking post for the purpose of producing powerful , perfect , pressed pepper pur e , post production ?
not cool man
did n't realize other states did n't have dui plates . we also have heroin plates here in ohio , they 're light blue and say " kentucky " on the top .
if i got paid in 1209 pounds what i do today and adjust for inflation , i 'd be earning the equivalent of 3,354 , 850.70 . that 'd be nice .
first ? no there was legit megafauna on the continent when they arrived . i 'd like to hear about those encounters ... it 's a shame they did n't have writing 20,000 years ago .
yes , the great country of mexioc
i had a red ryder bb gun when i was little . my friend accidentally shot me in the ear with it , it got lodged in the cartilage , and we had to remove it like you would pop a pimple .
smelaya later , bitch !
how low can you go
he wanted to make sure the counterfeiters understood the gravity of the situation .
storm ?
how do i know this isnt a lie !
another ( formerly ) insanely alcohol addled " prince of darkness " is still alive in the form of alice cooper . maybe we should consider there is a possibility they made a deal with the devil
thank you
what about dolphins ?
optimus : great job , autobots ! time to celebrate . orsonbot , what do you have for us ? orsonbot : aaaa aaaaa aaaaaaahhh , the f f ff fffren french chhhampagne ...
and unfortunately the cancer recurred and caused her eventual death . apparently you have n't seen the hbo miniseries about adams . it 's excellent . highly recommended .
someday i am just going to sit down and make up a religion .
if the person is dangerous , food was a rare enough commodity that imprisoning them was unfeasible . it 's better and safer for the community that they be executed . further , it acts as a warning against future crime .
the three data points given seem to conflict . if an elephant swam for 48 km ( 30 mi ) then he she it would have to swim for longer than 6 hours or faster than 2.1 km h ( 1 mph ) by force .
i do n't think i could kill a grizzly bear with firearms . i honestly do n't think i could even kill a bear if its arms were n't on fire .
that mostly just made it look super awesme .
because only they get notable attention . i 've been told i 'm the reincarnation of my uncle . my uncle is a nobody so no article is going to immortalize that .
why are other countries expected to be more efficient at catching american serial killers ?
being a teenager during this craze solidified my mistrust of adults .
do n't forget swallowing raw eggs .
from reading the rest of the article , it seems like saving even one more elephant seal would have helped prevent the genetic bottlenecking that currently is affecting the population .
and with about 5,000 groupies . more or less .
so they did n't need that bitch ass rudolph .
gene hackman was asked why he starred in superman and he said " i can give you 2 million reasons why "
motley too ? like wtf ?
another fun fact is that the ferryman and the moon , while spelt the same , are pronounced differently . the ferryman is a hard ' ch ' , think ' chaos ' . the moon is a soft ' ch ' , think , well , ' charlene ' .
i 'm not an english major , but i 'm english , and i would say that coincidentally or inadvertently would have been better , but accidentally is n't wrong .
oh that 's a good one !
their answer : mrs . snow .
fuck , you tell me this now , two hours before i have to defend my doctoral dissertation ?
growing up i did think html was an abbreviation for hotmail , so i guess it worked .
and whales for that matter .
no , only pokemon
my ex girlfriend was from finland and she was crazy about donald duck . the donald duck stories they had were geared towards adults . i thought it was bizarre .
you go to go to the soo for that .
you sure he wasn t just referencing his favorite game , metal gear ?
that and the one time when they used an actual new theorem in show . invented a theorem in an episode that is : __url__
this is why even galactic hitchhiking deities need towels .
i had no idea she was that into gaming and sci fi . and to think she would probably just be a streamer if she was born 10 years later . edit : til : she streams and married a streamer . lol . damnit .
good thing nobody takes the hof seriously .
... or introverted
i mean , we could be , but that 'd need to stop buying avocado toast to stop being poor . so , i would n't get my hopes up xd
not incompetent , they were political . russia has no serial killers because communism ! !
this is the second time bsu has made the front page this week ! first was the half court tuition shot ! chirp chirp
and it 's always because the boss hates them
still a thundering cunt
mongol tov !
i am german . til that there are kill shelters .
what kind of storylines would they make to make it more geared towards adults ?
it was n't until 1997 that the first cell phone camera was invented ( by philippe kahn ) . __url__
is this where the phrase " the apple of my eye " comes from ?
what ? incest and inbreeding in the middle east ? gtfo . lies .
raw honey will also never go bad for the same reason , as long as it is properly sealed . when excavating egyptian tombs they found pots of honey that was still edible .
the shells are hard on the tissue
i do n't think they are confusing them . most american medical companies are associated with thievery and commerce .
wow . this is a random fact i did n't expect to learn today . it made me happy .
weird . my wife is african american , and her family only drinks pepsi .
woohoo , i 'm behind you ! ... motherfucker .
they would n't abide such a glaring misspelling of faggot .
your dog must really love prime numbers .
this was actually pursued heavily in the 90s during the . com explosion . credit out rfc 1149 to see how close we came to a full stack avian transport layer for the internet : __url__
sick bastard ..
from a transformer point of view , megatron is the good guy . optimus being the bad one .
much more entertaining source
it 's used to mean enthusiasm or energy , typically referring to a quality of a person .
also he died before the jackson five became big pop stars in the early 70 ' s
i bet tycho moosed him very much after his unfortunate death .
bojack horseman
oh dear lord what the fuck ? ? ?
i cannot believe i 'm saying this but ... username checks out .
that 's the problem with generalizing and making harsh sweeping judgments of people .
bless him and his family .
well at the time they did not know ' chemistry ' as we do , thought sickness was spread through smells or about bacteria and the like . a great book about the time is the baroque cycle by neal stephenson
what 's the reasoning behind loathing him ? it 's not even like he 's a bad dude . i do n't understand the cage hate . not like i 'm a mega fan , i just do n't understand the hate .
no , i 've had a rottie . wonderful dog , loved him to death . shitty people tend to be the problem in 9.99999999999 10 cases .
he likes to edge .
i absolutely love the thought that he did all that work acting for it and then could n't figure out how to make the disk work
anything can be shut with a couple of layers of duct tape .
not unless that 's some kind of euphemism
yeah but apparently borat was filmed in poland
actually laughed out loud . thanks for this .
afterward " lol rekt "
no , that 'd be a show about someone reading a book for 22 minutes
i 'm pretty sure most people would agree with that .
this seems to be the common theme in history : 1 . someone takes over a country and starts to fuck it up 2 . war to unfuck up the situation 3 . a generation later goto 1
sounds like our leaders
good god , mel gibson was handsome
a shostakovich piece for rock band orchestra ? yes please !
hence the term banana republic .
why do it in that shit neighborhood where there was 0 chance of it working out ?
i particularly liked the early seasons ... when the adults would say some totally fucked up shit to the kids ( that was basically true , just never told out loud to kids ) ... and it would completely floor the guys .
in the u . s . as well .
i feel like that 's the only way his show would work . i love it and he discusses some very important subjects sometimes but that means he can n't be limited because they 're getting money from a company which is involved in something he might talk about .
here is milton friedman a response to it __url__
ibetitsjustastringofwordssothatitseasytorememberorsomenonsense .
he did n't really " write " the story , so much as he exuded the raw essence of malice onto a stack of papers .
data plan ! lisa needs snapchat ! data plan ! lisa needs instagram ! data plan !
all of the claims have been fairly well proven fraudulent . he was just a weird dude with some serious issues that made him an easy target .
n . c . i . s . boise .
so mclovin was right
they are in fact doing well and are listed as " least concern " the furthest category from " extinct " .
so the brits finally copied one of our shows and made it super shitty . feels good man .
my cocaine
an idiot ( meaning ' private ' ) was someone who 'd only be concerned to benefit his own ' private ' interests ... as opposed to working for a common good , that of the whole society or ' polis ' .
to quote some guy i forget his name , " it was a very big deal "
from what i 've read , we 're capable of seeing uv light but our lens protects against and blocks it . uv light damages our vision , which is n't a problem with short lived animals but we 're not short lived .
why is n't all jell o instant set jell o ?
eeeh , that 's not hugely new either . i 've heard they were replacing that .
or people could just wrap it up and stop shitting too many kids out cause they 're bored .
and much like africa , it was the japanese who were selling their countrymen .
what ? boo is outraged ! see his fury ! it 's small , so look close . trust me , it 's there .
congogoer
why did n't they always have a two child law ? that would keep population about constant , would n't it ? or were large parts of the population excempt from the law .
that is fascinating .
do n't look up alaska unless you want your fucking mind blown .
careful making fun of cnn . do n't want them to blackmail you now .
" when i hear about schrodinger 's cat , i reach for my gun . " stephen hawking
well a storey is a floor so 78 floors
i like a bugs life ... it 's animation is leagues better and easier to watch ... antz was an interesting movie , but the characters are far less lovable
this my shit .
there you go . thanks !
i m howling at how this is worded as if a floppy disk is 10,000 years old ! i feel so old right now ,
daniel day lewis would have started eating people for real though .
even speedwagon is amuse ! !
why would the candy industry want halloween to fall under " daylight " savings " time " when trick or treating is supposed to be done after dark ?
right ? the chinese way could eliminate homelessness .
wait . you 're telling me that the nutritional information .. the official nutritional information our government uses is n't strictly scientifical ?
man , what a great episode . when i get home from work i 'll re watch it on netfli ... oh wait
drink it !
clutch or kick
i would love if there were somehow a contemporary written description of mammoths .
let 's take a moment to remember all those redheads who were burnt , electrocuted , and under anesthetized to bring us this data .
shoulda just declared it motorcycle only parking and called it a day
" find what you love , and let it kill you . " bukowski
not so good they also shattered against spanish steel .
blind luck more than sheer skill
donald and melania trump ?
they 'll say aw , topsy at my auuuuuutopsy
just incorporate that into the legend : " as a baby , paul bunyan was so large it took ten mothers to give birth to him . "
and here i was thinking frank reynolds came up with an original idea .
religion is one helluva drug .
i just want them all :(
42
i read it as gilbert gottfried . edit : 544 upvotes in 3 hours ? good gottfried !
weird that the thumbnail is a pic of jefferson ...
right in that meaty part of the curve .
who says texas does n't have any reasonable politicians ?
when the cops suspected he may have had a nuclear bomb in his car they took the car and put it in the parking lot of the police station . gotta love that logic .
gotta make it sexy or you do n't eat .
i have two bathrooms and two kids still in the house . for mother 's day i want each one scrubbed blindingly bright and for no one to ask to use my computer . deal with your lag , child .
religion is fucking stupid
how did the eagles rescue frodo from mordor and still find time to record hotel california ?
so .. uhhh , has anyone smoked it yet ?
yeah i heard about it , i can n't believe they might add red lines ! then jamaica will be left alone :(
super man takes all the us and ussrs nukes to the moon for starters ...
and could count on the general public to ridicule anyone who points this out . seems as though the magic may be wearing off .
or " beyond reasonable doubt jesus is alive ! "
" i 'd rather push my bike than ride a huffy " was a phrase uttered by many kids in the 80 ' s and the 90 ' s . they were already doa years before they made their bed with walmart .
well in germany they are treated well in a shelter . also , i assume they do n't have the back yard breeder problem . should be illegal in my opinion .
calculated
i 'd like to buy your rock
that would make sense since nasa only employed the best of the best pilots .
that looks like english to me .
this stuff is pretty common . ancient egyptian pharaohs even had someone who 's job was to specifically deal with any health concerns of the pharaohs anus . the royalty just did n't deal with the dirtier parts of life when you had people lining up to offer themselves to do the task
that 's humanity for you .
til i should n't read my batman 's orgin story to my kid .
you should work with children .
there was a big rollout of chip cards to replace non chipped ones a year ago and so most people have them by now but , the readers have been much slower to roll out and there are still lots of places that do n't have them . costco just recently got them .
kill it before it get 's big . i mean , makes sense to me .
__url__
do n't forget he had spaniards dress in french uniforms so he would n't have to see black frenchmen from africa march
yeah exactly , these guys were the top pilots in the country , used to be a requirement .
well that 's reassuring
throw away scenario for this post person 1 : " who 's ferrets are these ? " person 2 : " i do n't know . none of my business . "
in contrast , we had no issues with chatwheel . oh , give it back .
i do n't think it 'd be that hard to be immersed in the time period . even as a 12 year old , i do n't remember reading romeo and juliet and being like , " damnit , why do n't they just pick up a phone and tell him the plan ? ! "
the important question is , what kind of clothing would they sell you ?
must be 50 hours of extra content , best extended edition ever .
2 3 days kamikaze friend
pho sure
so you 're ' on par ' with paul ryan 's tax cuts for rich people funded by cutting poor peoples ' healthcare as a fiscal policy ?
he shot all three bullets in the air to attract the japanese , then killed all 8 by swinging at them with his massive penis .
i think they stay the size of whatever container you keep them in
he could have won the war right then and there if he 'd just had enough .
hand me downs are the worst .
seaman guzzler ! report !
maybe using his wealth ( and access to a private jet ) to get on multiple organ donor lists in different regions so he could steal a liver from someone else who would have probably followed his doctors orders and survived instead of dieing shortly after .
oh honey
did they interview the hawk or something and it just told them , " sorry mate , thought his head was a rock . "
his father was english and his mother was american . he said he found it funny that he 's english and african american because when he was growing up every american musician emulated british music and every british musician emulated black music .
__url__
you 're such a taurus .
the founder starring michael keaton explains all this .
i would say too many cooks spoils the broth but i guess too many cooks creates a michelin three star restaurant .
criminal proceedings have absolutely no effect on a civil case . they have completely different standards . the parents did n't have criminal charges brought against them but here we are in a thread about all the money they paid out in civil lawsuits .
edison believed obituaries should be positive . tesla believed that obituaries were better when they alternated between positive and negative .
it means someone is n't a poor bitch like the rest of us
sounds like they 've been cajun up a lot of people down there .
shit . we 've been discovered . everybody scatter !
dumb . should be kermit the fog .
because the numbers start at william the conqueror
so not much longer than a humans but on a giant dinosaur . ya they 're right it 's not oddly proportioned at all .
did you just confuse glorious nation of kazakhstan with asshole uzbekistan ?
imagine cold war with alaska beeing still russian .
deep underwater in a cramp pressurized tube breathing the same recycled air .
the general idea of a benevolent dictatorship works , but like communism the reality and applicability of it quite different .
it 's not even the right color .
there 's an old love hate relationship there . damn you , fuel gauge ...
lorne michaels was n't in that .
til yoda is estonian
there are a lot of insane stats on that page .
i am the very model of a scientist salarian
classic hitchens title , lol man we needed that guy screaming at things in 2017 more than ever
and alaska can cover a good chunk of the continental us
beliedat
or el sonidito
do moobs count ?
pete was so underrated as a character . he cared juuuust enough but not too much .
italy was far less compliant to nazi pressure to deliver jews than probably any other occupied nation , afaik .
you could n't wait to share that
it 's like that old russian proverb : " everything 's okay with enough vodka "
holy crap i want her tricycle thing
and is not generally considered appropriate for an obituary .
is antz considered a mockbuster then ?
be sure to celebrate by registering him to vote !
my dad 's last words , " you wont believe what i 'm seeing right now . " and then he fell over dead .
it 's amazing how refutable this is , yet you went for it anyway . ballsy .
you sound like a shill for big children .
i love how there 's 4 billboards for xcite ! and somewhere in the middle is one saying " porn destroys love " with some bible verse on the other side
quit telling your stupid story about the stupid desert , and just die already ! die !
well the french revolution was 1789 to 1799 so they 'd have to have been invented 9 years before
yep , a big farm will dispose of a human in hours ... bones and all .
my brother happens to have a fema marked trailer in his shed right now . was given to him by a buddy who lived in it for years while working in williston , nd . no idea how he got it or from who .
now i want an office space remake set in 18th century aristocratic france .
as guy with a slightly older sister i think that might fuck me up as much as my mom dying , i mean you kind of expect to see your parents die but seeing your sibling die when you 're nowhere close must be painful
... when was the last time you watched jurassic park ? great effects , amazing for the time , but they definitely do n't hold up under scrutiny .
for the lazy
nice knowing you buddy .
once again i learn that i was born in the wrong era ...
ya , that woman is a hell of a success story .
legend
you might wanna tag a " s " on the end there . i think people actually believe you ( if you believe him , this ai n't the case ) .
til there is a country named nauru
they also caused the majority of casualties suffered by the us navy during the war .
" boris yeltsin s first words to the u . s . president clinton upon meeting in 1995 were , do you think o . j . did it ? " this guy was like a relaxed uncle .
i 'm met multiple women exactly like that . they can get hired at the drop of a hat and are garbage employees .
nic cage has already peaked with con air and face off . you cannot top those performances no matter who you are .
we could have been american columbia .
and if it was a gogo congo con ? a gogocongogoer ?
el yucateco ya wimp
when you are the prince of darkness , you can do whatever you want .
i actually thought it was pretty weak , he seemed so out of place and he kept doing an awkward almost smiling thing when he was supposed to be intimidating
so , technically speaking , they mate for life .
or it could just be that overweight comedians with tragic backgrounds have short lifespans ?
yeah the patriot act , etc is totally a liberal thing s
i visited yellowstone when i was 16 , and i took a pen from every visitor center we stopped in . i 'd say i got at least 4 in value , if not more .
i mean , god asked where adam was , but it does n't necessarily mean he did n't know . similarly , i ask my cat , " what are you doing ? " i 'm not actually asking i know full well she 's sunning herself in the window . i 'm making conversation because i 'm bored .
... tf is that shit
the climate in russia is a challenge for agriculture , whereas italy has the perfect climate for spaghetti trees .
he should have asked for more bullets .
and to think i always thought it 's english translation was ' fake shit ' .
those things were awesomely inappropriate . i think i was like 21 when they came out and my gf and i saw the commercial and were like , holy shit , is that a children 's toy gun that shoots fake jizz ? we immediately went out and bought one . i still have it , btw .
read that in god 's voice edit : thanks stranger !
yes , yes i do .
well there 's something i have n't thought about in 25 years .
now that is genuinely interesting , how is that even ... what ! ?
" nested simulations would be too taxing on our systems . we 'll have to make it physically impossible . " " but how ? " " i 'm not sure , we 'll just have to make something up like we did with the speed of light . "
he heeeee was very generous
we need a new plague ! ! !
so like i was saying crack is the candy of the lungs ... there 's dry crack , wet crack , cut crack , cooked back crack . you can smoke crack , vape crack , inject crack . well .. that 's just about all the crack there is ...
maybe if this was the 1940s ...
it was n't valued at 120k , it just cost that much to build .
now that 's how a true stalker leaves the zone
can n't find any . looks like he talks about it in his book but i can n't find any of it online . i 'd be curious to see what he cites as evidence in the book and whether it actually holds up .
and by his own estimation , cost himself 200 billion of future interest . wow .
and a partridge in a pear treeeeeee !
i understand the underlying philosophical resistance almodovar has towards netflix , but okja and the meyerowitz stories are in competition and should be judged as fairly as the other films . if he 's not willing to do so , he should step down as president of the jury .
ironically the eu is perhaps on the up because of brexit giving european politicians the warning that they needed .
thus genocide was borne over screwing and being screwed by screws and other hard things .
i mean , only so many people would willingly stay on a sub
... after suffering a brain edema believed to be caused by an adverse reaction to a pain medication
where do you think they got the idea for that movie ? ? 93.6 of all hollywood films are inspired by eric cartman . this was from a study done at yale , i can n't seem to find the link however ...
i 'd regret my own death too
nope . __url__
oh my fucking god , that poor guy . i do n't blame him in the slightest .
kurt said it was a bowie song during the recording .
not one sitting . probably 6 beers the first hour , then 2 beers an hour to maintain for the rest of the day . but yeah . the stomach only holds about half a gallon ( 1.9 l ) . so it would be pretty hard to power through without throwing up .
anyone know why , specifically , the czech republic ?
__url__ someone snuck that in ...
they voted so hard they burned the temple down
that sounds ... less than safe .
typical prescription from an army medic is drink more water and change your socks . cures everything from headaches to gunshot wounds .
hitler was actually a staunch animal rights supporter and introduced a lot of fairly in depth animal welfare laws , some of which ( or variations thereof ) are still in practice today .
no it was when he actually became steve jobs
that was unexpected and wonderful .
nature is metal af
i find that less likely , seeing as how most of genghis ' atrocities had obvious benefits that they were aimed towards . in other words , a monster with goals you can understand is far more sympathetic than a monster with goals you cannot understand .

in the absence of a priest laymen can perform baptisms in roman catholicism .
my buddy is a red head and use to stick a paper clip in his lamp to blow a fuse on his floor when ever he was grounded for something . i wonder if this contributed to him not electeocuting himself .
i d be relaxed too if i drank a fifth of vodka every day
" i think the saddest people always try their hardest to make people happy because they know what it s like to feel absolutely worthless and they don t want anyone else to feel like that . " robin williams , rest in peace
all those degrees , all that prestigious education , and one of their memorable lines was " bite my shiny metal ass . "
technically not correct as usn ships have sent a shit load of somali pirate ships down recently , as has the cg with drug boats . plus this is yar .
depends on the country . in my country it 's 1st , 2nd etc , cause we 're a civilised country . those filthy british peasants are accustomed to living on the ground , so they call their first floors " ground floor " to remind themselves about how peasantish they are .
" too late ! too late ! will be the cry , when the man with the bargains passes you by ! "
this explains the thousand yard stare that most eels have the poor things ...
" burger made with ham " ? you actually thought burger was a thing other than short for hamburger ?
hexcodin ?
yep but that 's after some sort of miracle of renovation i guess . or maybe a donation value ? it sold in a majorly distressed way in 2004 for under 15k .
the intense race between dallas , memphis , and phoenix . i felt hella bad for phx this season :( (
i think politicians and the media are going to try to forget the shooting ever happened as soon as possible , given that the shooter was a older rich white male gun collector .
i can barely remember the password to my internet webpages . when google ask if i want it to remember the password i have to wait to see if the password i entered is the right one .
that is ... a surprising revelation
diogenes was the first shitposter
i 'm fully aware that slash is n't real , but it 's the little touches like this that make the mythos all the more fun and believable .
then he became the bassist for led zeppelin .
ladies , are we prepared to let the kevins of the world decide anything for us ? we do n't even give him full internet access .
i am 27 . i consider myself a big child . can confirm comrade big children are good for free nation .
typical , big acid putting out ads trying to pull me in through reddit again .
just like iran saying they had no homosexuals .
that 's why i do n't eat anything that grows in nature .
they 're some good money in animal crossing
yugioh aint so popular in kentucky .
is it carl ?
would n't the hare just nap on the job and everyone would die anyways ? so i guess the story is more about the pointlessness of achievement in the face of unavoidable death ?
even a honk might trigger gun shots .
1 . rent plane 2 . bless rain clouds as you fly through them , turn all local downfall to holy water 3 . secretly baptise everyone 4 . ? ? ? collect tithes 5 . profit
if two people stood on that spot , and one ran towards the sun and the other ran toward jupiter , they would each get incinerated at the same time .
well apparently scientists are working out how to transplant those enzymes bacterium whatever in order to give cows the same ability since their methane emissions do put a serious dent in global pollution
it still is you peasant . r knightsofpineapple
i can n't remember who said it but the quote " politics is show business for ugly people " comes to mind .
john adams ' last words were jefferson survives . he did n't know jefferson had died a few hours before .
as an australian if i won a sporting event or competition i 'd totally be down with a humorous alternative to our national anthem . i mean i can think of several contenders but " down under " by men at work would be the least most appropriate i think .
elvis knew how to party take care of his friends .
the loud tearing noise will give it away lol .
imagine you 're a dolphin mom finding your son 's eels in his room .
i feel like someone might have just watched the same vsauce video as i did .
good thing , cuz he did n't have much time .
" in mexico , the tune is highly offensive , as it is commonly used to stand in for the rhythmically similar vulgar phrase " chinga tu madre , cabr n " ( translation : " fuck your mother , asshole ! " ) " i think this is an even more interesting til
they also made a street fighter game based on the live action movie .
who was the previous record holder i wonder ? beowulf ?
eh , we 'll fix it in post .
sounds great , thanks . but i am only in 1500 of the silk roads . it 's a tough read .
i guess your point is that rossi sucked on the ducati ? did just as well as a dead man ? help me here . what is your point ? because i hope it is n't that something low of a blow .
or humans .
i made it half way ... i believe you reddit folk have what you call eye bleach for this thing ?
and nevernude
why did i think it was to do with wireless fidelity seems to be a common enough misconception
while not 1200 years old , here 's my king edward i hammered silver penny , clocking in at at least 710 years old . obverse : edw r angl dns hyb edward king of england lord of ireland reverse : civitas london city of london
when he gets stuck in the vending machine and calls his own office ... ? gold
in claimed sales , in certified sales she is now behind rihanna , with taylor swift not far behind .
with that being said what difference does it make ? what 's the difference between the chinese community in new york and toronto ? because to be honest it just feels like a marketing term so canadian can feel better about themselves .
it 's crazy how the cgi in that movie still holds up for the most part .
i am the senate .
alice is a born again christian or something now though . maybe he 's trying to undo the deal ?
so you read the current front page askreddit thread and posted the top comment here immediately ?
to be fair there could have been a similar language diversity in california previous to european colonization
because prc decided it 'll name their own bishops ...
except for me of course i 'll live forever
so i can , so i can something something in your eyes
lets not draw any conclusions from this , fellas
lol at the crowd 's reaction " they looked at us like we killed santa claus . "
they lock up a ton of innocent people too . everyone just assumes that if you make it to a trial you must be guilty .
half of the attendees were pallbearers
tony blair ridiculed the movie in prime minister 's questions . bill clinton dismissed the movie as a work of fiction . the americans never captured a single enigma machine . 2 were by canadians , 13 by the british .
why are we focused on the dolphin penis when nature is showing us that slime eels are great for jerking off ?
oh ? ... ohhhhh ! ! !
i 'd like to think that at least one person in the area ended an argument with " when pigs fly " that day , and then saw the news
i 'm a simple man . i see portugal , i upvote .
egypt was the emperor 's personal property . senior officials generals in the roman empire had to get his personal permission to visit travel to egypt .
in 5 dimensions !
are you in france ?
r accidentalpun
he is probably the most naturally gifted snooker player ever to play the game . he still holds the record for the fastest maximum , set in 1997 : __url__
and do n't get me started on what they call earthquakes on uranus .
more expensive than android butter , though .
wait until they find out about how the all blacks used their war dance .
cbs is a dumpster of ideas
incredibly on point opinion
i gave up after 5 minutes with idiots . 5 years , torture .
ultra obligatory , they really want to stress just how obligatory it is
kinda weird as in how do you even meet a high schooler in that manner when you are nearly 40 years old . but damn she is a stunner .
oh god i 've been grinding my pancreas to lvl 50 this whole time
and now they treat men like an inept child , " sir you can n't sit there , sir you can n't be here , sir you can n't stand there "
i think you 're making the same point
no he does say it once but something loud is going off in the background so you can n't hear it . if you read his lips he says several of the cast members real names as his name .
you can definitely " fight someone off " while " stepping in to help " someone else being assaulted .
her music is n't really my thing , and i think she 's not really qualified to dress herself , but i would romantically disappoint the hell out of that woman .
one could say he was aggressively progressive .
too bad they dont live long :( we could have octopus buddies if they lived longer than 5 years
almost .. almost .. there we are !
no wonder she 's such a whore .
people do n't know what commonwealth games are ?
massachusetts would choose one but then our attorney general would ban it .
cia , are you paying attention ? i think we 've found a way in .
has science gone too far ? ! ?
half man , half bear , half snowman .
reminds me of the candy bar vending machine incident with george at the auto shop . it was a set up !
weird , cook ended up cooked .
risky click of the day .
you need us to kill 14,000 ? no , just 40 ok , 14,000 . no , 40 ! yes , yes ... just 14,000 . consider it done ! jesus ...
ah yes , i 've had their milk .
or just to copper feel .
reporter : so , why do you write these strong female characters ? joss whedon : because you re still asking me that question .
" nah mate they 're not gone , i got the last 7 of em worth taking ! " was n't even right about it , so his boasting was for naught
sounds like a feature to me .
" look at me , i am the dumbass now " .
maybe make good star wars movies so people will n't yell at you .
which emperor ?
get stoned and go down the youtube rabbit hole on that subject .
61 yards is a 4 way tie . not bad company for the rookie . what a game .
you do n't say ? !
world war 2 is dominated by bombing to demoralize . it almost never worked , except for 2 nukes .
psyop uses : taunt
if it 's like everything else from ancient history , it 's probably 100 times shittier than what you 're used to
what does a homeowners insurance include ?
my mum makes amazing dandelion wine . the neighbours think she 's a bit bonkers when she 's out picking her dandelions .
definitely not the worst top scorer .
nothing but shafts 24 7
schizophrenia is correlated with urbanization . but it 's mostly genes that lead to both urbanization and schizophrenia . __url__
i bless the rain clouds in aaaaaafricaaaaa
8.0 k d at least . if he killed anyone before this moment that number can only get better
next thing you know he 's stealing cop cars one tentacle on the wheel 7 on yo bitch
this would probably explain why i 've thought some of their videos lacked scientific evidence
ahem xfiniti
it 's kinda funny though ... before the box stores , people repaired more and replaced less . faucet leaking ? 1970 replace the washers . today replace the faucet , but really might as well do the vanity and sink too .
more like a 20 year cocaine habit cocksucka lol .
i grew up catholic ... can non clergy even do baptisms ? sounds weird .
reservoir capacity is a measure of size
the announcers say that story every time the raptors play the knicks
that is the issue for me . with a lot of goodwill , you can maybe explain away the baby formula thing . but this is just plain evil . " you 're too poor to buy water ? sucks for you i guess ! ! "
baldurs gate 2 may be the best game ever all things considered . that was a series i wish they would have continued to go after . with that level of quality you could have had a final fantasy type series .
that 's nothing . there is this woman who 's been married to martin sheen for 56 years !
of course not . you can be flying to astana in kazakhstan . they qualified for the group stages in cl a few years back .
he then lit a giant cache of wildfire to burn the trapped ships .
i love democracy . i love the republic .
" ah , your royal majesty , those barbaric tribes had attacked us and stole all our screws , so we ... attacked them back for our screws . that 's why it took us so long to return home . "
and that her real name is maraj and she is of indian descent . i think tatyana ali from fresh prince has the same background .
shrugs " what are the odds , amarite ? " shot dead
in other news , water is wet ...
in some states it seems like it was never repealed .
" was amazing googles furiously not dead yet sigh of relief
they seem to have bounced back
fun fact , he was a strong proponent of circumcision with the aim of using the pain caused during circumcision to form a mental link between pain and the penis , further deterring masturbation .
maybe they just give up on living after 5 years of dealing with idiots all the time .
that 's what i understood . i do n't imagine he learned the language that way , but he could ' speak ' english that way . that must have been pretty rough during filming
no soup for you ! next !
there 's dozens of us ! dozens ! let me at em i 'll scrap em
in reality they both get pickled in the unholy fire water of the devil . downs another shot of vodka
i never thought it was to be taken as anything other than literally . i guess it 's all that science fiction i read growing up .
good news : your book cover will n't burn ! bad news : your book cover causes cancer .
edison did not murder an elephant . that is an utter myth . __url__
i 'm pretty sure they were referring to the cut up tentacles still squirming around not the entire octopus still completely alive just being devoured like something out of jurassic park . this is just fucking horrific .
well you learned it ... today
the long con
and the fact that he knew he had a child and knowingly ignore them . dudes was a shitty person .
watches man being hanged , creates theory of gravity
__url__
i 'm surprised they did n't assume it was witchcraft and burn her at the stake .
this whole thread turned into a list of great or at least perfectly enjoyable movies all starring nic cage . fuck the hate that guy 's awesome .
did you ever hear anything about the ginger and boots fucking an ostritch ?
ive accepted workers back after this . mostly due to the fact that they did quality work . the idiots who did ok to shifty work , i escorted off the property .
read his autobiography ... makes motley cr e 's the dirt look like a trip to disneyland .
every time i come on reddit i 'm like " yeah i 've seen it all , nothing could phase me at this point " . and then shit like this gets posted and i realize i have n't seen anything yet
yea , like half the animals in the ocean have specific breeding grounds .
tedx talks can be organized and presented by anyone , with no verification . this occasionally leads to misleading information and or hilarity .
he was jacked in dexter so that helped . he has weird pink lips .
you can . the catch is that you can usualy only trademark them for fairly narrow range of goods or services . the problem in this case is that as a supermarket iceland legitimately sells quite a wide range of goods resulting in a fairly broad trademark .
his pre wrestling trash talk must have been the stuff of legend
should point out to people that this is 14 pages long , definitely worth a read .
" what happened to good old town pride ? " " that 's been going downhill ever since the lake caught fire . "
or re gift
.. but i use decimeters and centiliters all the time . it 's a base 10 measurement system , no reason to skip entire units of measurement .
i 'd come back as a butterfly . no one ever suspects the butterfly
shh bby is ok
what if you die after beating a grizzly in a fistfight
screenshot for the curious .
because abortions end only the fetus ' life . ( not getting into that ethical can of worms ) but if you do n't vaccinate you can cause other children to get sick or possibly die , not just your own offspring .
anyone who plays civ will call bullshit on this .
one that will n't make me sick ...
god damn mongolians ! knock down my shitty wall for the last time !
i always found it amusing that the next track is " i will " .
i was referring to his scientific prowess , but your point is also valid .
like cats .
that s not a drive in . that s a ride in . and where did they hang the speaker ? ?
yeah , like most cult of personality figures she was a coward so it 's not really surprising that she decided to backpedal on her deathbed .
the guy in this ad has a mouth .
those who do not study history are doomed to repeat it micheal scott
and some will become reddit mods and just never reproduce .
he understood the gravity of the situation better than anybody .
did not need a double blind study to tell me that matters of divination are imagined fantasies .
looking at populations though , more people use the decimal point .
i thought this was common knowledge ? allah yahweh god are all the same character .
what 's up fuckers
" where did i put my brown sugar ? "
well , this is what happens when you cut funding for mental illness
yeah but is any house fire ever wanted ?
til i have vitiligo . i always wondered why nobody else glowed when we played laser tag .
well wiki is banned in turkey :'(
can ... you do that ? like , does it " count ? " spiritual rape .
luckily i 'm only afraid of small dogs , like corgis .
i 've heard that there 's a lot of brain drain going on today as well . young irish finishing college university and then emigrating elsewhere .
anglo milk
26 here , you 're wrong
her older brother has friends , those friends have younger siblings . all three younger siblings scream and run around in the vicinity of each other . i mean , it 's what i do with my friends .
as much as i do n't care about the temple in the center bit . i can say as a utah slc resident and native that it 's so damn handy . no gps , directions or other garbage needed , you can just easily and quickly understand where to go . example 10600 south 400 east
it 's possible for messed up people to come from a nice , normal home , y'know .
it had duck boobs and lea thompson bent over in panties
everybody walk the dragonsaur
tr owned at least one a f shotgun . and hemmingway used one to off himself . and it was straight up preppy clothes until maybe 97 or so when the great shift happened
realee , you did not
as a bears fan i have to admit that 's respectful .
know what i like a lot more than stealing materialistic things ? knowledge !
here 's one of them , since wikipedia chickened out ( nsfw , obviously ): __url__ excellent choice , if i do say so .
i can n't even trust my phone to complete a fucking phone call without dropping every 3 minutes . no way am i letting my banking get involved with my phone .
sounds like a true to reality plot to me . stop trying to twist this thread into a rant about something not relevant
in a village of the stormlands , of whose name i do not want to remember ...
you know , the more i hear about this hitler guy the more i do n't care for him .
they already had " full immunity " after studying germ warfare for so long ! ...
his father was a well known drag queen in the san francisco area . later in life , jimmy simpson announced that he was gay . " dad , we know . "
ah . somebody read the " fake facts " top comment
and then the proclaimers went and stole it , those ginger bastards .
you 're delicious .
tippett : somebody move me 188 of an inch ! ! !
this is like the 6th worst thing an illinois governor has done .
the hoax ended up being included in the book anarchists cookbook .
they 're giving the eels the ol ' wet cosby .
do n't condescend me , man . i 'll fuckin ' kill ya , man .
jesus , that 's terrifying .
it can be argued that christians , jews and muslims all worship different gods based on their drastically different understanding of him
historically failed executions were considered an act of god ( divine intervention ) in many common law jurisdictions . the condemned was released afterwards because it was considered gods will that they live .
r noshitsherlock
fuck silent letters
because we also live in a world of corruption . there 's enough areas where the super rich can just buy the local police . pretty scary stuff .
it 's embarrassing robbie .
i 'm worried . i have two teenage girls and they are calm and collected and think critically . however , my 7 year old son is showing signs that he can think critically , but does n't care to . he 's gonna be expensive .
if johnson had run for a second full term in 1968 and won , he would have died only one day after leaving office .
dude , una cosa es humillar a un frijolero . pero lo que tu propones es una world war mexico
and planned by the cia .
" let 's just make sure there is no control over the passage of time . problem solved . "
" um ... okay , how about this : adam sandler is like in love with some girl . but it turns out that the girl is actually a golden retriever or something . "
oof
that would be the reason why wwi had so much casualties . not the lack of steel helmets , but the total lack of understanding of modern weapons and tactics by old officers .
that design is much more expensive that the standard slide up design .
i hope they come back from that awful start .
distributed denial of sanity
without the salt though
ai n't that the tooth !
no no no no ok enough internet for tonight
clyde stole that movie he has more facial expressions than clint and sondra combined .
peter principle . in the navy they deal with it by saying at such and such years in the navy you must be at such and such rank . for instance you cant be less than an e 4 at 5 years in or they drop you because if you were good at your job you 'd have gotten promoted .
and also why you do n't aim guns at your head and pull the trigger .
of course it 's fucked to kill gorillas for no real reason but it 's totally gangster to try to catch them and then kill them for being too violent .
man , did that guy hate star wars
reading the wiki , it sounds like whoopi and ted trolling everyone else . a job well done . a commendable job ? maybe not .
is there insurance that covers the key that locks away keys , fireworks , anything incendiary and your kid ?
kevin spacey 's impression of him saying this is perfect . __url__
well when you 're in a plane you always have the high ground , so there 's that .
what about our friend the avocado ?
" wow , mr . phelps , you 've done so much good in the world that people are going to love you forever ! there 's no way anyone could ruin such a great reputation ! " " challenge accepted . "
but it is a distinct possibility . did n't you watch dallas buyers club ?
so that 's why the space race started ...
poor bastard . could n't even buy a vowel . edit : really ? my first gold was for this ? it 's your money kind stranger .
the fact that the wikipedia page for " unethical human experimentation in the united states " has so many entries , and most of the time the public does n't find out about these until many years later scares me . i wonder what kind of shady shit they 're doing to us right now .
it is n't particularly evil to use unarmed , non combatants , in a lethal manner , to gain military advantage ? well sure , if you think that 's justified , then i suppose isis are humanitarians , and pol pot had good agricultural policies .
and he shit where ever he wanted
i always wondered how practical all those extremely beautiful german castles built in the mountains could possibly be . i guess practical was never the point . great stuff to fuel the imagination though .
the banks set the limit here and it varies from country to country . in ireland it 's 30 but i hear it 's 500 in belgium . seems a bit wrong that you can buy a tv without putting your pin in ...
and the millionth as i recall . they made a huge deal about their millionth video play coming up , and they played video killed the radio star .
only the messiah denies his divinity !
just for the olympics though atl is full of homeless people . you literally can n't walk 20 ft without a homeless person soliciting you
most guitarists i 'd wager can n't read sheet music . i 've played for 20 years and never needed to either to write or play in bands . tabs are usually more prominent when looking up songs online
would you be ok ? !
kevin spacey is an amazing impressionist . his michael caine is unreal . in his appearance on inside the actors studio he nails so many , but his pacino is especially good because of his delivery . link , im on mobile : __url__
and is ruled over by a murderous demonic horse .
its what plants crave
holy shit
only if it 's a song about the moon and stars
first blood , not rambo . pedantic , i admit , but it matters .
so they actually do n't give a shit what someone 's religion is , and they mind their own business ? that must be nice .
the second speed movie was such a shipwreck .
it would also be a diplomatic incident , though , if someone had managed to do harm to yeltsin while he was in such a state , in part as a result of his not having had sufficient protection around him at the time .
there is one . it 's called " god of war " .
go hang a salami i 'm a lasagna hog .
until dawn from ps4 featured this as a crucial plot point . i did n't know it was actually a thing , though . i thought they just made it up for the game .
jesus christ , that 's not even the alarming part of the story !
well , the word " spam " existed before . the new meaning ( unsolicited bulk email ) was taken from them .
these are the pointless facts that i live for
business owners thrive on them .
the only president who worked for peanuts
the average eagle weighs 6 13 pounds . all these numbers in your post are made up . why you lying op ?

loved him in so i married an axe murderer ...
depression is real .
gawl , sharon !
here is joe pesci rapping
i know , what a moron , it 's not even a fish like salmon .
reason 3578 to not go to oklahoma .
and screwing over other donor recipients by registering residences in a few states helps too . steve jobs is a terrible person and he should be remembered that way
he 's a great casting choice for a feel good flick
at least now you know how to lathe balusters .
exactly . i do n't get why the us is so freaked out about alcohol . god forbid people have fun
freude
diarrhoea is a burning thing , and it makes a fiery ring
yes and they named a swimming pool in his honour .
i 'm no vet , but that dudes dog looks seriously fucked up
did n't michael run the most successful branch in the corporation ?
i 'm pretty on par with most republican fiscal ideologies , where they lose me is with their social agenda tied directly to religious beliefs that i do not hold . we need a 3rd party ...
that 's an elk photo
so in japan they think trump is a clown too ?
idk ... if you fucked a sheep , clearly , you fucked the sheep but can you really fuck an eel ? if you kinda grab it and start whacking off , is that sex or masturbation ? this is a grey area that demands further research
paul blart ruined the dashing image of the mall cop too .
that sounds awfully suspicious . bored is the last thing you are . i would freak out from it .
it 's a beautiful and super poor country .
he venice want to join up with amsterdam ?
is it because the script was changed or because he did n't like whoopi ?
what did he think he built ? ?
treasure chest .
improper inhalation of dihydrogen monoxide is often fatal and yet those heartless bastards at the us fda allow over 2billion gallons of the stuff to be sold yearly . they 're a toothless , worthless agency .
my mom told me she had a prescription for thalidomide when carrying me , but decided to save money and put up with the morning sickness .
futurama was huge when it aired , just because it was out of your demographic does n't mean it was underapprecisted .
but then why protest other people 's decisions ? that 's protesting against god 's will , which is heresy .
it 's like being rocked by your mother except without them being resentful or overtly disappointed by your poor financial decisions
jamaican .
put that turtle down ! ! smacks hand bad !
the obviously got a nat 20 on their deception checks .
and now those bullies will n't even hear the sound of the car that 's about to run them down from behind .
my uncle 's best friend from vietnam was a canadian soldier who volunteered to fight in the us army " because he loved war " . seems like the dude had a screw loose but was apparently a great friend and soldier .
not buddhist karma . all karma . nearly everyone misuses and misunderstands karma .
i work minimum wage fuck me right ? you seem to care about people who do n't have what we do , tell me what actual things do you do for them outside of this little mad post ? i have 40 cents in my bank account until friday you do n't know what you 're talking about . at all lmao
wait cockroaches bite ? ? ?
what about gay women ?
killing dogs for meat is illegal , same for cats and monkeys .
sure , but only in the short term .
which is great because he does such a good job at it but sad because it often happens early in the stories and his acting skills are squandered , but what time he has on screen he sure does a fucking great job
kids are dumb .
homeowner without kids here : my umbrella is so f ing cheap it 's stupid to not have it .
undercover boss . shows how mindless sitcom tv has become .
as someone who is expecting their first child any moment , this thread terrifies me .
tai lopez got to do a ted x so definitely have some quality control issues .
til that i 'm never swimming in the ocean again .
i 'm going to the seafood store .
that ai n't northern michigan my friend .
and boris johnson is too slavering moron to become tory leader and could n't unite his laces .
" well guys it looks like we 're gonna have to stay here until we fix the boat . darn . "
they screwed us out of screws so we had to screw them back to get the screws back
oh ... my ... god
just go to the front desk of a hotel and ask them to look up a guest . when they ask the guest 's name say " i 'll spell it for you . a ... c ... i ... d . can ... can you locate that guest for me ? "
six hours without touching the bottom . maybe that 30 mile swim required making contact with the bottom several times . but yes , i also noticed that and it bothered me .
are n't those just honorary awards ? it 'd be a bit weird if they actually stripped the winners at that time off their ballon d'ors for a reevalutation .
i 'd like to make a deposit .
to be fair , the same could be said of rogue one . but yeah , not sure why we need a prequel to a prequel
you mean cia 's mind control experiments will fuck even the smartest and the brightest minds up ?
can n't believe that a marine got promoted in the army ..
well , he could do that in 160 days
which probably explains why she was n't sufficiently sad in the first place .
i loathe nic cage , but the weatherman is an amazing movie .
george costanza did it too
and thus the diabeetus epidemic we now have as a result of low fat diets in the 80 ' s . fat does not make you fat .
there are a lot of christians i know who will adamantly refuse to acknowledge that " allah " is the arabic word for " god " , and insist that muslims worship a completely different god named " allah " .
it 's amazing how many people considered early seasons of the simpsons to be controversial . what a different time .
when using a new poverty calculation that takes ' cost of living ' into account and applies it to regions where it should n't apply .
i hate it when my cat eats from the forbidden tree and ascends to a higher level of intelligence but what can you do
most of us were never vikings . norsemen , yes , but not raiders .
" i 'm sorry ladies , you 're not permitted to touch paper nor sign your name , thus this lawsuit is summarily dismissed with prejudice . "
the causes of the industrial revolution are hotly debated . the role of the middle class is controversial
and the worst part is , bison meat is basically just better cow meat . if we had a lot of these bastards still running around hamburgers would be so much tastier .
the leaders of the cult need to be put in front a firing squad and shot .
dude you forgot to add " where c is an arbitrary constant "
til i 'm colourblind
( )
let bartlet be bartlet
depends on the person . a few of the reported cases were alert and coherent . many lived . the human body is pretty amazing
not just without moving his lips , but without reading the words out loud !
i love you as much as kanye loves kanye
male teen porpoises quickly learn the difference between electric eels and other eels .
possibly . but i think you may have a hard time identifying with it b c a lot of conflict has been lost b c of technology . you 'll have to imagine living in a world w o cell phones .
ah yes , the " why i cringe at it being used to describe any kind of post online " meme .
til that ted kaczynski is still alive .
this show ruined my saturday morning cartoons .
they should make a movie with johnny depp .
1:1
somebody who has a lot of money to spend on something that came out of shatner 's penis .
this guy translates
you got it .
except the grills are awesome .
probably one of like 6 actors who could have starred in balls of fury without tanking his career .
paul revered ?
" hung by the neck until climax "
it 's certainly cringey that the first thing you associate the word black with is skin color .
cowboy ass
here is a gif of it happening : __url__
if i tried to kill myself and that happened , i would probably take that as a sign .
source of source
" human computer " was redundant up until around 70 years ago ... a computer was a person who did calculations for a living . when we started making machines to do that , the phrase was " digital computer " to differentiate them .
it seems like they final y found a solution to the problem .
the entire modern canadian identity is based around somehow being better than america .
swimming pool filled with ice cream .
yeah grizzly bears are very dangerous source : am a grizzly bear
if we do n't study the mistakes of the future we 're doomed to repeat them for the first time .
either flush ' em or shove ' em up your ass , one or the other , just get them out of sight ! edit : wtf , i 've never even watched rick and morty . this reference was unintentional .
my reading of it is that you should n't employ animals to form part of your critical communications infrastructure because they simply do n't have the speed reliability fault tolerance integrity properties that a modern built environment needs .
this is either a honest mistake or a deliberate choice , neither is reassuring for all parties involved .
i disagree . and a good days to yous .
she used to stream on twitch , not sure if she still does .
i really do n't like them and i did n't know the background . i still do n't like them , so thank you .
well then ... go lewis go !
this must be that bastard bird from far cry 4
shorthand for m ms . jim parson earns one small chocolate candy per episode , similar to how some tech gurus have an annual salary of 1 a year .
aka getting " kicked upstairs "
yep . i had 1500 bucks on the counter when the clerk told me that . i kept the 1500 bucks .
it was also more or less ruled by the mob during much of the 1920s 1950s . galveston free state . it 's a fun town .
it 's either this or " shaun baun " there is no in between .
or you just fuck brienne of fucking tarth . all muscles , sweat , and eyes like she wants to carve you up and eat your liver .
i 'm not anywhere near being wealthy , yet i too am harassed by beggars other passengers .
yeah , but russia has lower gdp than canada with over 4 times the population . both countries have similar climate , so there must be other reasons , or russia 's gdp would be about 4 times what canada 's is .
cocaine is a hell of a drug .
til anti vaxers are trying to save the economy .
he 's probably the best celebrity turned pitch man ever . he did wonders for meineke too .
signing up for something and actually doing it are worlds apart ... looking at you saudi arabia
til that snuffy was originally big bird 's imaginary friend ...
respect for your young aged modding
the marketing push for jobs to be labelled a genius is tedious .
what 's amusing is this was just be of the movies chris roberts worked on . yes that chris ( wing commander star citizen )
i had forgotten that . it was amazing to watch a music video on the computer . i remember decoding a mime file to see a nsfw pic of elle mcpherson , it made my whole week !
now that s effective advertising !
i would ask a con lawyer . i recommend bob loblaw . he has a blog . it 's called bob loblaw 's law blog .
ac motherfucking dc ! ! ! greatest rock n roll band of all time .
i did n't ask to be born
hey , guess what ! little jerry ran from here to newman 's in under thirty seconds !
i always just changed him into the dog and had him do tricks ... wow i feel old .
evil is n't always stupid
not true , limit of one square foot per person . otherwise i 'd be building a house already .
or hes a drug dealer . sold ! !
i believe the poster means our lizard overlords
a league is a light little over 5.5 km . 20,000 of them would be 110,000 km . the earth measures 12,750 km across through the equator . so to go 20,000 leagues deep , you would end up over 17.6 thousand leagues into space .
brb as i go publish the next game of throne sequel in china by switching names of don quixote characters .
that was actually david bowie
since they can n't turn around while inside your ear canal , they just burrow deeper into your brain .
a raccoon stole 20 dollars ?
i 'm pretty sure they do n't argue about what caused it . they know what caused it .
" bully me at school ? i 'll strand you in a mars prison " .
so , he realized he was in a state of both cheating and not cheating , until such time as his wife found out and collapsed the wave function ?
well , there 's sodium in dasani , so it could be a little salty .
dandelion wine , interesting . what 's it taste like ?
some assembly required
i 'm the opposite , i grew up with seinfeld and still happily rewatch it but i could just never get into curb .
kramer : do you know what the ukraine is ? it s a sitting duck . a road apple , newman . the ukraine is weak .
perfectly reasonable , almost to the point of not really being interesting .
oh , you mean the three mile island " accident " that resulted in the death of ... nobody at all , not a single person ? yes , was n't that a terrible tragedy , such a horrible disaster in which not a single person died .
" oh yea ? well i 'll make my own field of theoretical physics ! with blackjack and quantum mechanics ! "
says a lot about his character that he could take his defeat and mold it into something good . good for him , and good for us .
little bit of obscure trivia for everybody : the corresponding music video was the first that ever aired on mtv .
all too true . but that doesn t mean it s right , that doesn t mean it should be swept under the rug , and it doesn t excuse the continued persecution and exploitation of the ethic groups involved to this very day .
congratulations u clintmemo ! you 're now " head general supervisor of titles that look good on resumes " !
that 's what she is referring to when she says she does n't drink anymore in the manga anime .
rip . she passed away yesterday .
there was a genetic bottleneck for humans after our last common ancestor with the chimp . i have read there was perhaps a few hundred humans left after this event . probably a good reason why
r lewronggeneration . seriously though , i have a greek foot too , i 'd wear sandals and tongs all year long .
when they finally played it they heard : " is this thing even fucking working ? "
i 'm mexican and this is mostly true . observation of it however also depends on the government in turn .
well when the term ' journalist ' comes to include buzzfeed ' reporters ' i 'm not surprised grammar is being thrown out the window .
when wvu plays at home , morgantown becomes the state 's " largest city . "
grandpas are intelligent as fuck too from my experience .
the little shit is annoying as hell no matter what language
an asteroid that big gives me the .. hebe jeebies budumtiss
someone call ashens !
" take me out to the ball game "
do n't ever read about penguins , then .
6 . do n't forget the pedal to the metal
i remember being told that was how the allies won the war in the air , using the experienced pilots to train and keeping them out of combat .
you can request that google blur your house in street view . maybe the current owners did n't want gawkers looking at it now that it 's supposed to be normal ?
a type of gun that fires ice knives ?
the hard part is segregating them again . pass the integers , race for tau !
they say if you find a job you love , you 'll never work a day in your life . this is a little tougher if what you happen to love is smoking and drinking whiskey , but it can be done .
the most perfect siri impersonation i 've ever seen . have an up vote !
literally had a student at my school go to the wrong site . got super red faced .
we really need to teach history a lot more in schools . if we are n't really learning from history than there 's something that must be doing very very wrong .
that entire album gives me chills , but no bullets fly and hearts of iron especially so
damn , shitty for anyone who couldn t whistle lol .
it cost an arm and a leg after all .
i imagine this is the kind of stuff a more advanced species would write about us . edit : never in my life did i imagine my big break on reddit would be such a bland comment . you people are crazy . 3 thanks for not insisting i be creative or original .
and many places that have the devices to read the chips have n't activated them yet for whatever reason . it 's getting to be fewer and fewer all the time , but i 'm still seeing plenty of places with signs taped over the card reader telling you to just swipe instead .
i guess its for the best they used the numeral instead of the proper prefix . i do n't think anyone could keep a straight face if they named it sexcodin
gregory peck was an awesome dude .
pre order now to receive stolen treasures , courtesy of the incas and aztecs .
remember remember the 5th of ... something or other .
it sounds like he started murdering at a very young age
can confirm , i have an asshole dog . he 's my best friend but he 's seriously sort of a dick , he eats all my food and never pays rent and just sleeps on my couch all day .
makes it much harder to use documentation or software that is not written or adapted for gobolinux .
i 'm hoping we get to hear about the fifth time dave chapelle met oj simpson .
nice to hear skeletons can give a good wilhelm scream .
yes they were and then the next guy was referring to tiananmen square
not legitimately good movies , but the national treasure films will always be how i remember him . they 're just so unapologetically fun , in spite of the nonsensical plots .
i remember hearing that the heart shape may also be based on the the backside of a woman .
i actually heard the same thing about kenny baker . since he did n't actually speak robot , he had to make r2 d2 ' s beeps and boops just by their sounds . he did n't actually know what he was saying .
i love the animals ' version of it . classic 60s look , and great example of the british invasion . __url__
did you see his recent prank on syria ?
just imagine how different the world would be with a islamic russia ? would there be a crusade into russia ? would russia have allied with the saracens ? it would certainly be interesting .
very few countries have not participated in genocide . it 's difficult to name a country with a history which has not participated in genocide in one way or another .
they did have skulls on their hats ...
mayweather and mcgregor will do it on pay per view after their fight .
how long would can you be above a 1 bac and not die ? what procedures are used to save someone in a situation like this ?
these are the terrible consequences of gang violence . we can all learn a lesson here .
okay , well , you 've got the attributes , but he 's also supposed to somehow be sexy through all that . that guy looks too derp to seduce our queen .
these are ' theological scientists , ' understand ... none of the regular scientists could be bothered .
do they have anything like this for farts ? i 'm asking for a friend .
especially if you have just been incinerated
his whole purpose is to get to mars , build world engines on it and then crash it into terry 's house
fear of premature death but was n't wearing his seatbelt ... genius ...
so does montreal . it gets a bit chilly sometimes so it 's easier to live mostly underground during the winter . we 're mole people , essentially .
i do n't know what the fuck i was expecting when i clicked on that .
you just punched me right in the childhood , bruh .
no need to question anymore , you were just given the answers .
boneitis ? that 's a funny name for a horrible disease
you will have a hard time finding major brands from that time that still exist today that did n't collaborate with the nazis ...
meanwhile in america ( and i 'm like 50 sure it can go a little lower )
how on earth is that possible ? and for him not to have died ?
ii . 2.3 ( bar of athictus right of the door ) 8442 : i screwed the barmaid holy shit
well if she had a baby , i 'm fairly sure someone else discovered that before
its still masturbation but some would consider masturbation a kind of hand fucking . so you 're still fuckin the eel .
some people just love wearing robes .
major major ?
til that at the end of titanic the boat sinks .
ask your medieval grandma
christmas season starts really early nowadays
why would raw eggs make her voice rough ?
it was the gods attempting to stop production of that horrible movie .
you 're welcome to donate to your local shelters .
the similarities are obvious , it 's totally copyright infringement . but i would still have been upset if jackie gleason had sued , because i loved the flintstones as a kid !
sure alex jones , just like that . how s the pedophile colony on the moon ?
presumably not by chasing them across them though
you 'd be dumb not to accept a 55 penny for face value ...
wtf
how did people not realize that bernie madoff was running a ponzi scheme in the first place ? he was running the financial equivalent of a . 990 batting average
that 's so dope
it was an abbreviation for hotmale.com
" now you think ronald mcdonald gonna go down in that basement and say , " hey , mr . nugget , you the bomb . we sellin ' chicken faster than you can tear the bone out . so i 'm gonna write my clowny ass name on this fat ass check for you " ?
from what i read they have damn good shot this weekend . actually , from what people are saying they should be like half a second in front of everyone and be uncontested so i 'm interested to see if that 's correct .
that 's actually a pretty popular idea among gun control advocates .
stupid sexy flanders
das einzige wort , das mich irritierte , war foil . ich habe alle anderen w rter au er steadyseller irgendwo mal geh rt aber f r eine powerpoint folie wird entweder folie oder slide gesagt . eher slide sogar . ist das jetzt ein regionaler anglizismus ?
as well as a ton of other people 's inventions .
it works , too . have you ever tried masturbating with corn flakes ?
super green ! how did they get the back and front ?
it 's not a religious movement , it 's the lack of religion . atheism is a religion like not collecting stamps is a hobby
this story just gets wilder by the sentence
similarly , snowmobiles were invented after the inventor 's son died because he could n't be take to a hospital due to snowbound roads .
subchaser , not a submarine . huge difference .
live . com ? i somehow had the foresight to snag hotmail . no , live . no msn . com but for some reason not live . com ...
puts the secret service in a bit of a pickle . " damn , these reds can really put it down . hold is feet , johnson ! stop kicking , mr . president ! "
i 'm a kidney donor and this was my first thought .
also 100 of people who do n't consume dihydrogen monoxide end up dead .
so you win the battle but loose the war ?
those are terry benedict 's casinos ...
well , some beavers are fishy .
no , they 're not doing " the same thing " . what about this is the same ? they 're not making a totalitarian style takeover of the country . they 're asking for policy reform . literally none of them are saying " repeal the second amendment " either . stop lying .
on the contrary it is the most superior purest white milk you can buy , produced by the master race of anglo aryan mountain cows .
today they are used as punishments for eating too much .
i 'd regret the fuck out of that
clicked this post just to make sure someone had this . well done .
soup and a sandwich that 's a meal !
the patriot act completely shits on the constitution , all the government has to do is label you as a " terrorist " and all your rights poof gone .
" if you can n't dazzle them with brilliance , baffle them with bullshit . " ... extreme edition , i guess .
this needed an up vote because ... samurai pizza cats . lol ! that show had so many references and puns it was insane .
i thought it was a joke because the horse falls down the opposite direction of the punch lol
steve buscemi 9 11 firefighter
iirc ashton kutcher tried to replicate his diet but had to stop due to the development of pancreatic issues .
imagine if aliens got the song and sampled it and then the aliens made there own rocking song . then got super rich and famous in their alien world ... but then the surviving beatles members come along and sue them and get that space money and space babes .
that 's said in the movie road trip
i wonder what kind of republic you 'd have if this kind of company did that .
i want to see him narrate an audiobook
i quoted this in an environmental science class once . the professor was not amused . edit : to clarify this was after listening to the professor in question rant about over population throughout the semester . i also was not amused .
shampoo is a soap , designed to strip the oils and dirt from your skin hair . conditioner is oils to replace that which was lost .
the article says that all those provisions were found unconstitutional by the supreme court a long time ago . it 's not actually illegal anywhere in the us .
" and then came a sound , distant first it grew into castrophany so immense it could be heard far away in space there were no screams , there was no time the mountain called monkey had spoken , there was only fire and then , nothing "
and argentina and iran and the dominican republic and bolivia ...
holy shit hahahaha that poor fucking frog
short answer : draft . texas , loaded to the max had 9m of the ship underwater . any closer , and the ship would have run aground .
recoil from a live round will be significantly greater than that of a blank round . so if the shooter is familiar with the weapon , he 'll know .
whenever you type a comma in a sentence , put a space behind it .
perhaps because of things like casual battle ram attacks
resistance to oppression comes in many forms .
iirc , winston churchill visited the us during prohibition and was prescribed not less than a pint of whisky per day . what a great man .
yep . it 's sad that people do n't know about tesla inventing teleportation .
i never double dip .
no , he means if you want to drive in germany , you can n't have a dog . classic oxford comma moment . " dogs are not allowed , to drive in germany . " edit : i know what an oxford comma is . apparently im just bad at setting strangers on the internet up for jokes . lmao .
o . o da fuck ? we call it rape seed oil n the uk and nobody makes a big deal out of it
yes and yes
til : it now cost 2,350 to renounce your us citizenship . __url__ til : canada only charges 75 ( canadian ) to renounce its citizenship .
i do n't recall ever being offered pepsi on a flight .
poor zaza , only starter whos not a captain . edit : spelling
til that because someone is born in another country , they can n't be iconic to america , where they live and work .
damn , we missed out on a whole lotta octopus puns .
damn he ded . sounds like a hell of a guy to hang out with .
he 's already got a pi digging through his trash and a lawsuit on it 's way .
second til : the catfish is not actually true cats at all and is more closely related to fish
yeah and it is completely useless :p
yeah because the inexperienced officers would make stupid decisions that were pretty much suicide for their whole unit
could always be the washington redskins credit agency
they did make great games for the atari also ! why they have not made a pitfall movie is beyond me !
bummer .
wish my boy da vinci was still around today , he would love gardien products , especially the mock chicken tenders or mock crab cakes . da vinci the original pre vegan .
it was just a prank , bro !
the jerk store episode is one of the best tv episodes of all time .
what if we spread a rumor that arsenic is an aphrodisiac ? maybe the people that use things like rhino horns will get wiped out .
do n't forget c
so they died a slow , painful death bleeding out onto the cold ground .
obligatory xkcd __url__
well ... ? now we 're expecting a story .
where 's steve 1989 ?
the us army went from 180,000 to 8.3 million in ww2 .
what i took away from this that the time period of black people winning oscars overlaps with the time period of intense segregation . i 've never really thought about it , but those are so far apart in my mind they feel like different realities .
the dairy industry has done some impressive things over the years . the food pyramid was designed specifically to encourage more milk and cheese consumption to help struggling dairy farmers .
yep , umbrella policy . i just had one added to mine . 1 million that covers pretty much anything for around 300 year . whats funny is once the teenager moves out it 'll drop to 120 year !
a little known fact , they would drop them in the fields and the village kids would run after them yelling mine , and that 's where the term mine field came from .
if neither have arms ... would it all be kicking and headbutts ?
he lived to be 16 yearso old ..
and for a bonus , the obsidian is brittle and will break off in the bone , making the injury that much more brutal .
the person attacked another congoer , adrianne stepped up .
til that sas actually stands for stirling , a strangler
too many too fast . overshot the market .
they need to add a button which activates a speaker that projects forward a smooth spoken word gospel album performed by musk at medium volume . look for it in the next model
nintendo has a long history of not liking mods .
just do it if you do it enough times you might get famous for wearing a wig and having a big ass
which makes sense since clinton has dogs and has been photographed giving head pats ... and trump has never had a pet ever .
some things never change .
or more importantly , the willingness
we all grew up being told fat is the worst thing you can eat as well but it turns out fat is just fine and better for you than sugar .
which is why vole dna is perfect for a love potion .
rip luanne platter .
and north carolina and south carolina merge to form superalabama !
its soemthing that is said at a certain pacing , that most people of the time would know . it makes total sense . like teaching kids they need to wash their hands for 30 seconds and using the abc song twinkle twinkle for the timing .
the yakuza only operated during daylight because of an irrational fear of batman .
so ... nine inch nails of his genre ?
wait ? ! ? ! rockstars in the 60s did coke ? i do n't believe it ... s
you have n't thought of the smell you bitch
you sound like the type of guy who 'd be upset if you brought politics to an unrelated thread .
woosh
as an insurance agent , i advise everyone to never have kids . never .
me neither man . it 's been maybe 2 years since the last time i got any . get cheated on , lose value in my self worth , focus on raising the kids , fuck a relationship right now .
the title makes it sound like he was successful . it should be pointed out that as soon as the consular legion landed in sicily , the revolt was put down and he was killed .
the all seeing , all knowing god did n't know where adam was hiding , so there 's that .
you should see what we gave up after 9 11 .
when i was in the navy i regularly said " it 's not gay underway . " " or it 's not gay if you 're at c school , or behind an arbys dumpster at 3am . " you know , the usual navy phrases .
not woodcuts , they 're etchings .
i mean , people do n't often talk about semen in typical conversations , but it definitely is .
i picture that class to look like indiana jones ' archaeology class in raiders of the lost ark
tapatio , iirc , means " from guadalajara " do n't get me wrong , its also a great basic sauce to slather on shit that needs sauce to get through .
my sister died when i was 18 and she was 7 . that shit fucks you up for life .
i 'm just here to pick up my free boat
other pics and cosplay edit : please downvote . i do n't want a " let me google that for you " situation being my top comment .
the name for adrenalin comes from the organ 's location . because your adrenalin glands are located above your kidneys . ad renal literally means " above your kidneys " .
john lithgow is such a magnificent actor . creepy af serial killer . alien comedic character . winston churchill . he 's truly wonderful to watch and seems to be completely underrated .
and guess what , in arabic too . the title of this post is wrong , shah mat the king is dead
if i remember correctly , it was more than just an own goal . a lot of illegal betting was involved and the cartel of medellin apparently lost a lot of money with that own goal .
of course it was ruled a suicide . you would n't want the coroner and his family to suddenly all commit suicide too would you ?
" no dude i 'm telling you , we flood the torpedo blister and we send one super far ! it 'll be gnarly "
poor sean could n't handle the emotional fallout of reading yeats in equilibrium , too tragic .
but wait , baldrick , i have an idea ! what if we cover their feet in salt and make goats lick it off ? oh , yes me lord , what a great idea ...
psycho mantis ? !
i agree . he was a weird dude with a fucked up childhood , and people took advantage of that .
it 's true . eight of the girls filed charges .
damn . history 's kind of a dick , huh ?
i suspect crunk , as used by dr seuss , carried a slightly different meaning than it does now . else , my childhood may have been vastly different .
either that or none of the whitehouse security team had the balls to man handle the russian premier back indoors , yeltsin drunk af and being embarrassing is his and russia s problem , choke holding a head of state is a diplomatic incident
it 's far from sober , but spread out over an entire day , it 's probably about par for the course for a daily drinker .
so ... success then ?
who says the luxembourg leadership had the best intentions for it 's people ? maybe the nazis showed them new ways to exploit their workforce and were making the right people rich
i 've had my hotmail account since 1996 and i got firstname lastname . so chuffed ! !
could n't remember viajar ... looked it up ... yup . 20,000 leagues of undersea travel .
that 's like leaving a penny as a tip . this is considered a dick move .
except that one time it was about kramer in l . a .
nixon always wins aroooo !
oh boy ... can n't wait to let others read through it all so they can tell me if there was anything interesting or not !
in spanish the world for envy is " envidia " which already sounds identical to " nvidia "
holy shit , this is exactly what i came here to say . were you a nuke too ?
it is .
the apples guy was bannanas .
people in the service industry getting unreported cash tips can make much more from tourists so it can be much more lucrative to be a waiter or bar tender than a doctor or engineer .
how do i say fuck you and thank you at the same time ?
the pennyfarthing bike was so dangerous that the style of bike that was created right after this is referred to as the safety bike .
metrics . people bullshit constantly , data does not .
is it fair to assume that you like most dirt more you like than most people ?
i hear many endangered tiger species have found refuge there .
goddamnit the ship was named the o'bannon . surprised they did n't throw whiskey molotovs as well
i work as a valet and i think of this every time i get in a prius . i actually tried it on a coworker once .
where you live at ? isnt it weird how many troy ppl are on here
we have to go back
i 've been a part of many cults , both as a leader and a follower . make more money as a leader but you have more fun as a follower .
i apologize for what you 're about to put yourself through .
earth means dirt .
osama was one of 53 kids , and was always unpopular because of his unpopular mother . the family disowned him in the early 90s for advocating the overthrow of the saudi government .
writing a document of such literal and substantive heft with a goddamn swivel chair was no small feat , the balance of the signatories imploring jefferson to just use a quill pen .
his theory relies on the complete halt of technological and agricultural innovation . i 'm sure if you asked him if the earth could support 2 billion people , he 'd say absolutely not and that half of those will die of starvation . check out the book " the bet " .
superman iv however
no , it did n't work . but you should choose a better password than just asterisks .
i 'm in texas and people do ...
4chan has always been and always will be .
for those wondering ...
manthatsonebig dakota
imho one of the most ugly amd boring provinces we have .
causal factors of child sex offenders are not known conclusively . ( citation 128 ) . you have n't learned anything . this is how you make wikipedia say whatever you want it to say .
vegas was pretty much ran by the jewish mafia . look up bugsy siegel
my step dad was named tyrone ironically , he is probably the whitest person to ever live . he wore more bowties than bill nye , put mayonnaise on everything , and listened to barry manilow .
side effect of his pancreas going into overdrive .
so you tryin to start some shit huh
as the father of a 4 year old and a 1.5 year old , kids are the best . congrats and welcome to the club .
is this an actual quote ?
mxe if it is still around . if you are interested in trying dissociatives , i 'd recommend it over dxm any day .
truly the great meme dustbowl of 2017 .
and it was worth every penny .
did n't ben franklin wrote somewhere that he thinks germans are too " swarthy " ? personally , i 'm morbidly fascinated by how the concept of " white " evolves over time . a europe that is not fighting each other is a relatively recent innovation .
it 's going to be hard for them both to find wives if they carry on doing that ...
they all taste the same to me .
we do not want dis sickness in uganda
in college my friend and i were high one night and decided to watch bad lieutenant , not expecting much . hands down , greatest nic cage film of all time . we still slap the imaginary iguana from time to time and giggle like school girls .
what did he think was going to happen ? ! " ah yes this sounds feasible besides , how could we ever go about disproving this theory ? well done the sun for this top notch journalism . this one 's gunna blow the roof off "
but epi pens are intramuscular injections . heroin is vascular .
prior to this was egypt . the pyramids . ancient civilizations have been quite clever . edit : also the sphinx , and mummification , probably much more too that i can n't think of off the top of my head .
one of them was 18 too .
same reason john 5 went from a full on rack and pedal board rig to a boss sd 1 ( and maybe wah ) into marshall head . critics said he relied on effects .
' til death do them part .
sounds suspiciously like something a " wild west show " promoter would come up with .
give ' em to your guinea pig . he 'll thank you .
lol
why though ? did n't she survive ?
i could stand the sight of worms and look at microscopic germs but technicolor pachyderms is really to much for me
how was this not covered in ap euro ? we definitely learned all about the leadup to wwii in apec , including how hitler seized power .
as a joke ... but ... hmmm ...
yes you are morgan , we 've all seen bruce almighty . if anyone should be god , it 's morgan freeman
yoko ono 's home planet approves .
nicholas cage : good or bad ?
ruthless bastards
yeah it s expensive and power hungry and nuclear and so on , but what s all this about levitating frogs . i m prepared to de fund nasa for this .
i loved the poster in the suspect 's apartment .
this has got to stop , you guys . this is nuts . we can n't go around encouraging homeless men to smoke pcp in our restrooms .
i remember my grandparents buying me that game and was so excited and by the end of the week i threw it in the fucking trash
are you by chance ... a pleasure model ?
how would masturbating using a tortoise , after copulation , reduces the risk of stds ? ( asking for a friend )
a wizard is never late .
yes , and marlon wayans got the role in batman returns before they axed the character again
maybe the person who tried to interpret the iconography had an eagle drop a tortoise on their head and thought it happened to aeschylus
" looking back on it , i might have given al capone a few hints . the best he could do was to operate his racket in three districts . i operated on three continents . "
something about this is very touching
the shelters do not let you have the animals if they have reason to believe you are going to use them as animal feed
next your going to tell me the gap is named after an african genocide
i always wonder how does redaction work ? who decide what is allowed to be redacted ?
so you read it as morgan freeman .
the implications of this comment are massively scary .
i bet he would 've compared himself to god had he been a christian . seriously , he had an ego to rival zapp brannigan . the only difference was that jobs actually was good at something ( marketing ) .
they 're not widespread in the uk either sadly . very common in mainland europe .
" the prius is silent under 5 mph , he really deserves the win "
just rename it trump credit agency . that way , no matter what happens at least 1 3 rd of the country will believe anything bad about it is a lie .
this was a god damn perfect execution of satire . you either get it or you 're offended .
do n't worry , it 's only when you are sleeping and only on the inside of your mouth .
its largely a non issue . elections canada is responsible for maintaining boundaries , they report to parliament directly . things change over time but its never political .
i would still stick with " loose lips " , just a different set .
emilio estevez is also martin sheen 's son .
his ted talk about it summarizes it very nicely .
" twenty thousand leagues in a lateral direction while submerged in one of several oceans "
wow now it makes all sense
taiwan , france , usa , bulgaria , south africa , and the last one was n't specified , in case anyone was wondering .
it 's both here .
leicester broke football
wow . never seen the words " spontaneously ejaculated " as much as i have reading up on this guy .
do n't say it like that then ? the protein has many aliases .
well all of this info is about 1300 years old .
is alex really more well known as tarzan than as eric northman from true blood ?
he did n't discriminate , he would wipe out entire populations regardless of their religious affiliation .
i ve afraid of that for a while . when ever i do a sudden movement i get a head ache . it s best just to lie around and do nothing if i have any understanding of the situation .
so not only is batman gay but when he briefly got involved with a woman he turned her gay too ?
where does it say genocide in your link ?
i was watching a prison documentary the other day , and the number of inmates who were under 30 with 5 kids ( and long sentences , meaning the state has to raise them all ) was absolutely mind boggling .
it 's time to fuck up the timeline again .
i like that she used the word hoss .
because alcohol is a drug and broccoli is a vegetable ...
do n't forget decapitating the engineers of the first bridge
that was back in the days of " do n't use any real personal information online " . oh times have changed .
the fuckin motto
there still a fair bit of bitterness about those goddamned trains here in denmark .
i wish the best for your father
like kilimanjaro rises above the serengetiiiii
really ? god damn what an idiot .
imagine if the enterprise had actually flown missions to space .
the choice of trojan as a name for a condom brand continues to become more and more appropriate .
... and kellyanne conway .
another lopsided rivalry in professional sports is keenan allen vs injury .
probably why he was the main antagonist of the live action movie , cheap and easy heat .
this a til thing for me . i always thought only an ordained priest could carry out such things
fifth of a gallon or 750ml for you non moon landers . edit : thank you very much for the gold . my first .
i think it would be not being able to tell if there was bugs in my food . how could you ever enjoy a meal like that ?
the admiral has to be one of the dopest nicknames in basketball , specially given the context .
and there 's a small section of the navajo nation in the hopi nation that 's already in the navajo nation . so there 's a pocket that observes dst in a pocket that does n't , in a pocket that does , in a state that does n't .
i 'm told there 's one in an unassuming warehouse i know in terre haute , indiana with a small car collection . told me it still ran as of 10 years ago , and it idles so smoothly you can balance a nickel on edge on the air intake . never saw it in person .
the technical term is faggot . and you 're thinking of hotmale.com .
at first i thought " ... oh , so that 's why " . but after a few seconds , i 'm amazed she overcame so much . good for her .
i want to get up and get my kid to school , then instead of going home and passing out like a bum , go get me some chicken and waffles . that would make my life better .
you 'd think bart would be more fearful of moe , given his profession " bart ender "
and some people think it was actually some cosmic shift in timelines that caused it to happen . i shit you not . __url__
that 's exactly what a filthy capitalist would say
they should tell the world how they solved homelessness this sounds like it could be great for a lot of people
so outside of the us it goes ground , 1st , 2nd , instead of 1st 2nd 3rd ?
it 's almost as if the people interested in this stuff are complete whackos !
einstein seemed pretty normal . and being a little essentric is n't an excuse for being an asshole
always repeat an experiment with multiple trials
for comparison , nothing happened to justin timberlake .
tried to tell my family about this shit when she came up in conversation . my sister basically told me not to believe everything i hear . but just believe everything that the church says about mother theresa ... uh huh .
it is assault . but assault might sound like a one time event , whereas bullying is more of a systematic and sustained torment .
it 'd be really impressive if he also envisioned the sentence at the exact middle
i do n't know why you would buy these though , when you 're done mining with it you wont even be able to sell it into the second hand gaming market .
hate when that happens
are n't most murder suicides ?
yeah , people who are insane tend to do shit like that .
there 's something about the actress . she 's kinda hot , but then sometimes , she 's kinda strange looking .
the genocide of indian people during their conquests and rule by muslims is something that has n't received enough attention in the west . it was probably the worst oppression and slaughter to have ever taken place .
haha , hell yeah she is !
you 've obviously never heard of super mayor .
i ll raise my hand here . she consistently has given a platform to pseudoscience hucksters , but when pressed about it , shrugs it off by saying something along the lines of i m just trying to inform people about what s out there
possibly the first but far from the last documented case of a bitch interrupting a bunch of guys playing an intense first person shooter .
genocide african people
but why even bother with potentially dodging forensics when you ultimately have the power to determine two shots to the head and no weapon at the scene was a suicide ?
what else are they going to call it ?
you know depression is some real shit when being handsome , rich and famous is n't enough to overcome it .
somewhere at comcast an executive just spit coffee through his nose .
fun fact , even though the west wing ended in 2006 , the character of matthew santos , played by jimmy smits in the final season , was based on barack obama . the writers liked his speech at the 2004 democratic convention so much they wrote him into the show .
i see your point .
this is a pretty hip topic .
rude .
one of my very most favorite movies , growing up . tom waits as a non lethal arms dealer ? come on , that 's just great !
same out in arizona . there 's a fun local story from the gila river valley about 4 pows escaping , planning on going to the river and following it south , and when they get there they found out the gila river does n't exist most of the time .
yeah , because it is liberty or death .
r britishproblems
i buy a window made of glass , he buy a window made of glass
i loved my kids , but i love money more !
yeah , honestly i just kinda want a milkshake now
i think i can live with that .
sometimes you can n't fight the eeling .
after the war , germans were forced to clear minefields as well .
i wonder about the person who first came up with that . they had to have some real issues ...
presidents used to be so badass .
it is the homeowners with the big budgets , not toh ... though i do agree that it can get a little crazy occasionally .
r titlegore
it also works to remove cat pee from carpets .
i 'm gonna open an isp ... " yrekan 's lan , an anal snakery "
thats it . mr . rogers cant be human . hes too good .
mao did it 60 years ago . so , no , it does n't work only once .
after some back and farth they settled on being bilingual . they 're good languages
the illusive man strikes again
good for the connecticutians to own their boorishness . take that !
wow . i 've never seen the movie . i watched the scene on mute . that was one of the worst moments of cinema from an aaa movie that i 've ever seen . i saw the mummy remake this weekend .
there 's no evidence that marco polo ever visited either madagascar or somalia . google : " marco polo 's routes " . it is more likely that he wrote about one and confused it with the other .
" though they cannot perceive it , the humans have never ceased their attempts to destabilize the simulation they live in . "
some day .
i remember reading that coke was among the companies that fell under the blade runner curse . atari , coca cola , bell , cuisinart , and pan am all featured advertising in the film blade runner and experiences major setbacks after release .
classic narcos
something 's not quite right with the title , op .
i 'm open to all religious ideologies but i will n't stand for this .
take you ambitions to the max !
so is he circumcised in this analogy then , or is saturn meant to be the rest of his penis ?
or 1 troop for every 50 civilians . reduce your fractions ! ! !
they were n't originally written to entertain children they were written to terrify children into following rules . educational psychology sure has changed since the 1240 ' s
lawyer here : i think you are misinterpreting the wikipedia article and or that article has been massaged by ford 's pr team . ford absolutely made a cost benefit analysis .
they 've been trying to tell us about our impending doom , but we just think they 're doing carnival tricks for our amusement .
that and his lunatic father ordering him to bring it back to defend gondor .
it 's what happens when you do n't choose tradition but instead honour all the way
loophole
wow
same here and i even joked a lot that html was pronounced " hut mull . " so close , never made the connection .
i was always told it was because 18 was the number of shots in a bottle of scotch . a shot a hole !
it 's awesome ! i bet it gave them at least a tiny bit of comfort , knowing they had the courage to fight back even a bit by the means available to them .
fun fact : in the movie hall pass they used the law order " dun dun " for comedic effect when they transitioned between scenes later in the movie . it cost 200,000 for them to get the rights .
bc they are underfunded . they are either killed , or it literally looks like a concentration camp . if they got funding , then they could be no kill shelters . which the us does have no kill shelters .
rolex executive visits the son of a felled pilot " i hid this uncomfortable hunk of metal up my ass two years . and now ... little man , i give the watch to you . "
lake baikal has more water then all the great lakes combined . it has 10 of the surface area of the caspian sea but 1 3 of the water volume . ( although by some standards the caspian sea could be considered a lake . )
well in fairness , the previous " most expensive film " was waterworld and that took ages to recoup the 172m it cost ( not including marketing ) and that was in no small part to it being a terrible movie ( great show at universal studios though ) .
i smell a lawsuit . i am quite sure that at least one person has violated this written agreement , yet has not had gerard appear at his house . hell i may have to break this eula just to get these damn people to live up to their end of the contract for once .
fun fact : it was invented because other instruments did not have the ability to measure op 's great great grandfather 's pecker .
illuminati confirminati .
why do they call it ovaltine ? the mug is round , the jar is round ... they should call it roundtine
and many of them settled in the upper midwest . basically flat norway
look little johnny , our city needs a new library . so we can n't afford to let you live . it 's for the kids .
42
the turtles orgin was a direct spoof of dds origin . the whole comic was a spoof of comics trends of the time . it was dark and gritty a la frank miller . the foot was a spoof of the hand . the fact that the turtles are mutants was a direct reference to the xmen franchise .
she was just hoping you would n't wind up in her basement .
the 8 presidents were herbert hoover , harry truman , dwight eisenhower , lyndon johnson , richard nixon , gerald ford , bill clinton and barack obama
boy , the way glen miller played ...
i read a story once that after the verve got a little bit of recognition , they went off the fame assole deep end of the pool and were pretty much universally despised on the touring circuit .
and he never played another game of professional basketball , ruined his yacht , and had his homes foreclosed on . hell even the spinner wheels that bared his name have disappeared . what a classy bloke !
there 's a random bit of information i never thought i 'd read . for one reason or another i would n't have believed their lives overlapped , always think of beckett as some sort of 17th century playwright .
that made no sense to me at first , but it turns out that jews can n't even own chametz during passover . so this is a symbolic transfer so that they remain kosher for that short period .
to be fair though australians do n't really care about the national anthem . nobody respects it . if they played slim dusty after an australian won something it would be much better received .
just like the chicken dance .
" if you have nothing to hide , you have nothing to fear . " joseph goebbels __url__
r upliftingnews
there was a german pow camp here in canada that was basically in a really remote region . no fences or anything , just so far out in the bush that escape was not really that great an option .
longest running western , not tv series in general .
people would get used to it .
katt williams has lost it
billy dee williams breaks it down for you . my other favorite bygone beer slogan was schaefer beer " the one beer to have when you 're having more than one . " man , you could never get away with that now .
oh yeah . also , remember comet from full house ? he 's dead too .
every american is his child .
newark sucks , but it definitely is n't in the same category as those others .
did n't he pick snakes on a plane because he like the title
must 've been a shitty experience
have you ever read " the years of rice and salt " by kim stanley robinson ? it 's fiction , but it 's about what would 've happened if the black death had killed 90 of europe instead of just 50 . good read .
nope . you are jack 's cancerous pancreas ...
sounds like a hoa guarantees you at least one shitty neighbour anyway .
the nation of iceland should trademark england and britain in return .
i think it 's more like ... people on the verge of experiencing cardiac arrest feel the urge to defecate , then perform the valsalva maneuver , then pass out while on the toilet .
i think that seems obvious to europeans because you guys consume a lot of sparkling mineral water . in the us the majority of people drink still water , mineral water is much less frequently encountered and so the " is it tap water " question hardly even occurs to them .