is this why he shittalks everyone all the time ? so he can get his forehead in the media ?
well , to be fair , they are probably still in south africa so worse than mars prison .
the sentence that made him cry was " pee is stored in the testicles "
they can n't reach the clutch .
it 's called freedom
if this is true , i 'm guessing i did enough work to protect three other guys in addition to myself .
they also own altalink , the power transmission company in my province
more like g . petty amirite
r evenwithcontext
" when the human are given a simulation game within the simulation , the humans do sadistic things to the sims , burn them , drown them , even causing death by repeated procreation methods . these humans are a sadistic people "
yeah more like nick cage is a discount american michael caine . caine will legit just do any movie for a check , if he has time for it .
as if we needed another reason to pee on a goat 's face .
boy is his face ultraviolet !
wait ... the comments are written by other people ? ? i thought you were all npcs .
jennifer aniston 's boobs on that show deserved more than a 3 episode arc
godammit , i 've been told you can n't give birth from swallowing .
fuckaff , y'hoser .
american pilots were pretty damn useful too .
unfortunately this usually means that he is n't far behind . couple that have stayed together as long as they have just do n't live long without each other .
and they know more about fidget spinners than they know about the milky way .
i just wonder how op ended up finding this . " ok google , do kangaroos fart ? "
yet adopt each other 's philosophies i . e . , calvin espouses the more brutish , nasty , and short behavior .
hobo goblin
well hey , at least we can all still watch honest trailers and laugh , right ? s
i 'm a little bit mad on makuszewski , he could easly pass the ball to lewy and give him one more but he wanted one for himself . amazing player , does n't care about individual stats and still gets insane numbers .
damn what pleasant middle school did you go to ? i remember middle school as the most ruthless motherfking social experiment anyone gotta go through
if anyone wants to see some great whale propoganda go watch blackfish
with the ivy league grade inflation , i think you have it backwards actually ..
how bout just killing the sick fuck instead of letting him out ?
my favorite part is the guy quickly scribbling down notes .
he 's been on the netflix show the ranch . as well as about half the main cast from that 70 ' s show . they should have him come back with the vista cruiser since he has it !
uglier than mine ?
increasing the number of workers is going to do nothing to increase wages . it 's a ponzi scheme .
yes , but who built the pyramids ?
how do they get groceries in nk ?
then they 're probably dead , or became die antwoord .
i liked the latest one it was like 2 years ago at most maybe i saw it . really fucking good compared to the 2001 version
maybe it 's just me but i was always disappointed and bored with the experience every time i tried it . maybe it was cheap stuff but i tried it a handful of times in my life from a few different " retailers . "
when i tell people i 'm from switzerland in text form and use that abbreviation they tend to think " china " .
anyone figure out what that other country is ? they did n't cite their source on the jnf website .
or be bill cosby ... wait i guess he had his own sitcom too ... now i 'm confused
hc did that to people .
from memory , willie nelson wrote a song way back that was essentially the plot for brokeback
apparently , so is attempting to steal slogan posters on the fifth floor of the yanggakdo hotel .
i do n't eat at mexican restaurants that do n't carry yucateco
good call ! another thing to read about . thank you !
it has more to do with being able to have artistic license . also in japanese it 's usually written as or xx or or similar because that 's the common usage in japan . i 'm sure the translators just change it to " city a " because it 's not common usage in the us .
shhhh ! did you smell that ?
this just seems like extra incentive to succeed ...
so i 'm on mobile and the word " pats " was on a different line , making me think the sentence ended at " has been photographed giving head . " which of course made me chuckle and think " to who ? certainly not bill ... "
i also read that between 381,067 and perhaps as many as 1 million german wehrmacht pows died in soviet captivity during ww2 . crazy how every side has its evil . __url__
__url__
vietnam also produce a large number of water melon
oh yeah sure , just move a glacier around , as if i do n't have enough to do . bloody generals and their silly plans .
just 10k ? how many of us have an extra 10,000 to drop on a painting ?
italian friendo here , never heard of them too . in fact it 's against the consitution law to hurt kill a domestic animal here . edit : fixed things , kinda confused the constitution part ( o o )
but it you already make enough money to be a lawsuit target it protects you from having to pay .
good , this is here .
i feel your pain .
could n't this lead to confusion with vaenia , the sexy movie discussed in the mass effect video games ? or are they not big mass effect fans ?
this is me :( except i become self conscious about my arms and what i 'm doing with them while i 'm walking
tbf helicopters are scary as fuck .
beck does the same . its artists like these that are truly talented .
americans get higher up on the extinction list year by year ... well perhaps day by day now .
" i uhhh ... need it for my writing research "
omigod get morgan freeman on the phone i have a movie idea !
i 've heard the petals are supposed to be delicious with rice .
missingno origin story
pretty sure the idea was different . goats will eat anything ! let 's get them to eat their toes ! hmm . not working . add salt ? hmm . still not ... wait a minute . ok , not what we expected , but still gets results .
the singre raindrop never feers responsibre for the frood .
ah yes , his finest and most interesting piece .
since 2014 , each driver who won russia , went on to win the world championship . bottas wdc confirmed ? s
they didn t rebrand to hide their former identity , they rebranded because twc isn t part of time warner anymore . they have gone to great lenghts to make sure people know twc and spectrum are the same thing .
additionally , big fat wallets and omnipotence erases a lot of physical ugly .
the fact that dogs do n't pass this test makes me not believe it . my dog is like a vain teen kid , regularly checking herself out in the mirror .
til a keyboard is so named because it is a board of keys .
hahaha sure we do . any examples ? like the bonus army , you mean ?
asking for a friend ...
that was more a result of comcast as an entity becoming a holding company when they purchased nbc .
this reminded me of the ted talk that one of the shooter 's mother did . however , the page is crashing now . is it , did a reddit thread do that ?
how often did these bombs not detonate ?
i do n't think you 're useless , little chicken . edit : i wonder how much meat dairy consumption would decrease if people were forced to participate in the processes between plate and farm .
domestic violence is also a big problem there ... specifically that it 's not considered a crime . lots of cases of men killing their wives and not going to jail .
mccartney is so full of himself that its suprising he doesnt collapse into a singularity .
back then , they added actual lion heart .
simpsons did it ! i love this scene .
and every spaniard knows you mix equal parts wine and cola when making your kalimotxo
only who can prevent forest fires ? ? ? you have selected you ! referring to me ! the correct answer is you !
but first you have to know that that picture is photoshopped __url__
it 's true that kids learned about the leaf being comprised of 11 segments . we also bought brass lapel pins in the leaf shape that were divided into 11 segments at the world 's fair , ( expo ' 67 in montreal ) .
and there are those who support them . i was pro guns until a few days ago . honestly breaks my heart seeing my coworkers cry at work about their lost friends .
" unlike mosquitoes roaches do not inject venom " ... i 'm pretty sure mosquitoes do n't inject venom they inject saliva to prevent coagulation while they feed , and also perhaps some microorganisms
we also have a camel that held the rank of sergeant , but was demoted to corporal for biting someone . ( i believe we give our mascots rank so that they can be paid , which is used for looking after them . but do n't quote me on that )
now they launder money buying and selling platinum bars .
okay reddit , tell me again how america is as bad as nazi germany .
time to wage war
what this proves , is that we need to buy a lot of stocks for united in the next few days . we 'll make a killing in a month .
you should not just accept anything hogan says as truth .
you should n't need to be spoonfed . you should , especially after 20 years , be able to look at a chart and just play cold
going to work like you 're 50 cent !
my mother grew up in argonia . i spent a lot of my childhood there with my grandmother . the salter house is a point of pride , as is the history of her election . it 's heartwarming to see such a small place get a mention here .
not everyone living under occupation disagrees with it . they 're called collaborators .
we 're not fetal grass plants either , but people still eat grain .
and the word " york " is celtic for the yew tree . so new york means " new yew " maybe when they named it they just wanted a fresh start .
technically water is a chemical ... does that cause cancer ? its really hot here and im thirsty ... reply quickly friends .
if golfers with heel spurs can get out of military service why not tennis players with back issues .
if they took the house they would have had to repaint it . there 's probably some issues with profiting off fox 's ip
i mean im sure its different in some cases but didnt mythbusters do this test with a bunch of different guns and concluded that the bullet loses the velocity to actually kill anyone on the way down ?
the safety device was the blade of a screwdriver ... i 'm amazed more people did n't die
the first weaboo
yes . just do n't ever point a gun at anything you do n't want to die .
hello fellow siskiyouian !
he has also tied cristiano ronaldo for top goal scorer in world cup qualifying in europe ( 14 ) . both are two away from the top wc qualifying goal scorer overall .
if anything , they will leave the euro , not the eu . so they could reinstate the drachma .
til i have no idea what a trevor noah is
i mean , if you lay heavily on the " nurture " side of the nature vs nurture debate , you may feel that the parents had some responsibility .
" sully " would have been a really great movie if they included the geese genocide .
seems low bth
i dunno what y'all'r talking about that 's clearly a picture of frank zappa
moxie ( tm )
i bet your arguments about when and where to go out would be quickly resolved if one of you had a gun ! dictatorships get shit done .
fuck the eagles
in 1997 , you might be able to , but in a different location . or in 2008 .
first translation is most accepted by historians translators , " the love of money is the root source of all evil " .
most pretentious suicide ever .
i mean the next line is ere , little darlin ' , do n't shed no tears it was pretty obvious to me and i am not a native english speaker
i wanted to make a reference to a porn magazine that features african american women for a " black holes " joke but i could n't find one in my research .
you 've got to be echidning me .
bah dun tsssss
i had neko.exe instead , back in the windows 3.1 days . i always liked opening about thirty of them ( strangling the shit out of my 386 in the process ) and turning them all loose on the desktop .
but what spell level are they casting at ? i would think such a powerful priestess as mother theresa could have blessed much more at her level .
it should say , " the fricking dominant species on the planet how didnt you know "
any excuse to add gin to a drink .
i want to be a bonobo : )
hello ! !
then there 's the spin off series about a bear who vows to educate the public about the dangers of forest fires .
monaghan is an actual surname .
i 'm not surprised given his dice rolls . i 'd be pretty anxious and depressed too .
i wanted to see the money shot
the government has tanks . your ar 15 will n't stop a thing .
only parker and stone could somehow manage to mix pube jokes and shakespeare and somehow make a masterpiece .
i can n't believe you 've done this .
curry is a sith . steeples fingers ... excellent .
janay palmer was badly beaten by a ray .
yeah , well , i avoid kung fu when ever i can . getting kicked in my fat gut does nothing for my body .
__url__
lol . funny because it 's true !
this is the standard bidet in argentina , much superior to the european ones , really . it 's basically a shower for your bumhole .
i 've ran into a few guys that hold the idea that a married man would masturbate is appalling . clearly that 's the wife 's job , whether she 's in the mood , or physically away when the urge occurs .
that is one way of approaching calc i guess . just memorize all the possible calculus identifies and do strictly algebraic manipulations to arrive at your answer ... my personal favorite is numeric analysis approach to calculus ( literally just measure area and slopes ) .
watched this in a park once . three males kept trying to drown a female to get their way with her . absolutely horrifying to witness and have no idea how she did n't drown with how many times she was gasping for air if she managed to surface .
what is that ? a bump ?
i wonder who smeagol ends up being ? dobby ?
i believe that term is called " fuck you money "
yea but the problem with that is soon management will see that lesser paid people are doing those job roles so why promote them give them a raise etc . since they are already doing the job .
holy shit i need to go sit down after reading this thread
new mexico something something
one of my dogs does this a lot , she makes a huffing sound while playing . never occurred to me it was like laughing , but i love the idea .
in response to your comment about not being able to see across the great lakes : niagara falls as seen from toronto __url__
is this not true for literally everything ?
the winter has n't affected the orange harvest .
wow , that is fantastic .
goddamn thank god . i 've been waging a one man war against people talking about schrodinger 's cat for years . people just talk about it to sound smart . it has no bearing in what anybody does , except quantum physicists .
trading prisoners is an important part of war . so , treating your prisoners well is a great way to keep them alive and content .
butt play ?
swiss anglo cows ? ? ?
if you have a system that allows , or even mandates , such behaviour , what do you expect ? our laws need to be better than we are .
anyone wondering if the chemical attack on syria is under similar pretense ? i have become jaded
sounds like the gremlins from wwii .
gay behavior has been observed broadly in the animal kingdom . and i do n't mean just the disney park .
so was aspergers , or seasonal effective disorder . lot 's of things come and go from the dsm .
when you bullshit people so much , you believe your own bullshit
god damn , they are the biggest heroes of our time .
what kind of patriot are you son ?
they have a song called " enough is enough " that 's really catchy but also advocates murdering fascists . __url__
once they 've hit that level , they 've " petered out "
kate and rooney mara are also from a billionaire family .
you know the eels , and so do i
i wonder what the argument was that convinced him it was okay for him to die . was it a threat or just a good rational reason why ?
i went to japan to talk to them about pokemon and make sure that it was n't a method for them to use kids to find routes of infiltration in an upcoming attack on the united states . they assured me that i have a very large penis .
from mrs kennedy to jackie o . but i think she never stopped loving jfk .
we 've got arrested development 's bluth family in the currently in the white house . " there 's a good chance i may have committed some light treason "
also worth noting , that there is a yreka , and there is a eureka . and both are fairly close . and by fairly i mean they are both in northern california near the oregon border .
welp guess i need to go to trinidad .
houston here and our tap water smells like a day at the public pool . all the chlorine and urine you can drink !
thanks to u skulldetta for making me realize this . incredible .
if the russian government had ignored him he would have simply been another conspiracy nut since his murder adds legitimacy to his claims . just why else would a state murder one of it 's own .
end the drug war and stop the privatizing of prisons , hurd what i saaaid ?
all air is recycled air though , is n't it ?
i disagree , my wife is like that , and she says girls bring more drama , always blaming men for their issues , she says it 's like a hive mind were you have to believe xyz as a woman and any variation means you are a hater .
" yeah , i 'm going to be stealing that one , phil . "
i 'm having dark souls flashbacks .
tobias ?
yep . it 's a tree . next to finley st .
i just got over a battle with the gout .
hello ! i m shelley duvall
meanwhile in detroit ...
' forget it , jake . it 's chinatown '
here he is pitching the last out of his no hitter . and here is a clip of him getting a hit at the plate .
i think the life and times of scrooge mcduck was , at the very least , all family if not geared towards adults . same goes for the rest of don rosa 's work .
superman for the n64 was equally as bad as et was for the atari . absolute garbage game .
because of negative press covfefe
good listen . __url__
picture of the gun __url__
my what ?
or had someone punch her in the throat .
i 'm so dumb , literally when i read this i thought that the stringrays were mad at the stringray that killed steve . so they just went on a rampage killing their own .
tales from the borderlands is one of the better telltale games . very good story . not serious emotional like the walking dead series , but very funny .
what a country !
well , there would n't be many people on the internet right now if it were n't for alternating current .
europa league isnt easy
i read a thing on dunbar 's number once where they touch on this thing that made me double take on this . basically that its not how many people you can keep alive but the quality of life left for those that do .
that s one hell of a good ornament .
i mean the original stage production was evidently rather popular ...
every animal is on the spectrum .
late nights , working on the bible .
literally got the life sucked out of him
1989 stuff
do n't say this . i was on reddit when the moment alan rickman was mentioned , then the next 3 4 days later , he was dead . damn you reddit , you have taken another one from us .
but how did they end up the second blowpipers on the grassy knoll ?
why i cringe at it being used to describe any kind of post online
seaman staines , quarterdeck .
does this mean that each time these armadillos reproduce , they will produce four of the same sex ? so four females on one hit , then four males ? what 's their breeding cycle like ? does this cause an imbalance in available partners ? i have so many questions ...
they did n't go extinct so no harm no foul . ) anyways , people carry on about humans now look at us back then . this species was thought to be extinct . let 's kill them all so we can mount them for display !
back when pizza hut tastes good .
__url__ about nicholas cage and his movie choices
i think my mom took this . she had multiple myeloma but due to her age , she lost her fight .
why must the republicans complain every single time the monarchy comes up when no one else really cares at all ?
to you , perhaps . killing an animal is far more ethical than forcing it to suffer . of course an alternative is preferable , but that is n't the discussion .
one of the funniest scenes in the entire series imo , and that is saying a lot
wait . we can just take a joke someone said once and make it a til ? til mitch hedburg said rice is great when you 're hungry and want to eat 10,000 of something .
at least massa did n't get smaller , each time .
makes me think of the " jizzed in my pants " song from like 14 years ago
i agree but to play devils advocate millionaire actors taking shit jobs to fund their 6 new ferraris is n't the same as a working class guy taking a shit job to make ends meet .
i wonder if she got an actual dvd from the master tape or just the same recording off tv that we all see . i thought i heard a story that george lucas scrubbed all evidence of those recordings .
sigh ! i hate being challenged . a life time of sore back , miss sized bras , overflow , sleeping woes , and , and , and .
just leave out the transportation and make it about another explosives expert .
soooooooooo a minority then .
so i guess gay is a cure
there is in geology ?
and to this day , religious nuts in this country still piss and moan about being oppressed simply because the rest of us are n't forced to follow their beliefs .
that 's great ! til
lunar soil can rust ? til .
the 2016 half speed double lp reissue sequences the tracks in gabriel s preferred order . it also sounds amazing .
omfg this is so great . was on the fence to buy trackmania 2 weeks ago when it was on sale . glad i did n't
this is why old time " massagers " ( vibrators ) carried a warning label which said " do not use on unexplained calf pain " so that a clot would n't be dislodged .
she only needed the smokes , the whiskey was just cause it goes good with a smoke and the eggs were her lunch
that has nothing to do with banning billboards .
this gotta be an american thing ... never heared of them being sugar free
i use one to cook bacon on my bedroom floor so i can wake up to the smell of bacon cooking
i would think even the most primitive humans knew to cover their genitals from getting snagged on branches or bit up from ants or what not .
i love o canadamas tree !
those facts may not be unrelated .
that 's my favorite cookie jar .
you dork . you had me wondering for a second . but only a second .
they make great hot dogs . it 's the only thing i 've ever made with them . they get those nice sear marks .
i guess it 's subjective , but i thought it was quite obvious it was distance , especially after reading the book . the travel very far , not very deep .
stopping the booze instead of hiding it would have been preferential .
and the clunky off balanced knight in armour trope is from mark twain .
he attempted to change his image by doing a 180 on grown ups where he basically made sure to have his shirt off as much as possible , showing his chiseled abs and subsequent coolness .
i saw somewhere stating that war not affecting the rich much is a fairly recent development . for a very long time lords led battles and royal families lost members in war . also even in past couple hounded years many rich families had traditions of military service .
in pittsburgh all you have to do is mention snow .
he was a fucking idiot . you 're completely right . he thought he knew better than everyone . probably why he walked around smelling like shit all the time .
" you had horses , what were you thinking ? ! "
i guess that does n't qualify as communicating about distant objects in space and or time ? i might be wrong
the circle whatchamacallit is actually used to steer the vehicle . and its for normal night driving ... please take many lessons before you get behind the wheel by yourself .
to clarify , zimbo is the name given to a white who accepted the new regime . rhodie describes thowe whites nostalgic for the smith era , whether they emigrated from zimbabwe or stayed .
who is michelini ? i 'm super confused trying to find this person on imdb
in what world is 900,000 even reasonable ? jesus christ
every vegetarian has been saying that forever .
well .. in a way ..
aw cmon , at least post this happy one !
if you only learned that today it 's about time to actually start reading the selfish gene , except for the origin of species perhaps one of the most important books on earth
i absolutely love pitt bulls , but it annoys me when owners try to deny basic facts . pitt bulls are strong , and everything else being equal , they are more likely to kill . part of responsible ownership is accepting the reality of the dogs .
not continuously in use
serenity now !
that 's why they 're all the same . and if content is deleted in one site due to copyrightnazis all other sites delete the same content .
i find her very annoying
too big to fail
there is if you get it at my house
a man , a pan , a panama ?
play the winnie the pooh baseball game and you will learn the true meaning of death
i got you in my sights
r asksciencefiction
probably looked like this . __url__
til oscars are the same thing as academy awards
til the only 4 states have banned them . what is taking the rest of you guys so long ?
you are now moderator of r pyongyang
i 'm sure an assembly line of sorts was probably used thousands of years ago .
imagine if there were though ? how cool would a battle between the great eagles , the nazgul dragons , and a squadron of attack helicopters be ?
poop position
til in 1977 , kgb agents set fire to the us embassy in moscow and posed as firefighters to steal sensitive information
blackguybrainpoint.png
aww , man
never said he sucks his entire career . he just sucks now ... like suck a lot
communists the same world over shocking
i 'm confused , did you kick him ? what 's up with the last photo ?
why would they pay him in degrees ?
westworld is not a simulation . more like 13th floor .
why would they spend the little resources they had available on giving life saving devices to suicide units ?
that 's awesome
that seems reasonable
fine then , ketamine .
most of them ... i could chow down on those orange ones back in the day
yes , it fits them very well .
fla has a huge population if transplants . they have their own favorite teams . that and it 's been established that fla residents do n't show up to games unless they are in the playoffs .
i 'm picturing tommy lee jones being a real dick at mcdonalds
maybe not lonely , just a soprano whale ...
i like the part where they fed kids radioactive food . for science . the oat company , not the quakers .
the british prefer a good rodgering . which leads to some very confused brits when they see a " kenny rodgers chicken " in the us .
what makes me wonder is how did they build all these giant buildings back then . they did n't have all these engineerings theories of beams structures etc . so how did they know that shit will stand and support all the weight
also , brian may is a fucking genius .
lucoa slept with her sister ? these doujins are practically writing themselves !
how does that mixup even occur ? " damn auto correct "
not true . i measure how much i hate my life by the amount of alcohol i had the night before .
other half : ireland .
plot twist : the killing of steve irwin sparked a civil war among the rays . pro irwin forces took out revenge on the squad responsible for his death .
oh no ... combined with haarp these are the perfect conditions for a sharknado
as someone who has experienced motion sickness their entire life , i sometimes just kinda shake my head at these studies . :(
ahh yes the nostalgia ... who could possibly forget the geriatric gangrene jujitsu gerbils ?
if i had the time i would make a meme of khomeini 's face on someones butt who is mooning .
well it worked . i had the toys . and i loved them too !
so we dead ?
i have a friend who was on one of the transatlantic flights of the hindenburg . her stories life experiences are amazing .
lived in mccloud for a couple years and i never knew this .
it 's not gay if you 're on top !
penn and teller first started working together in 1975 . they 've been partners for 42 years so far . that 40 hours a week together , 50 weeks a year , for 42 years . that 's 84,000 hours together . if i were them , i would n't hang out outside of work either .
we can n't either , someone will bring it up ( no offence )
also has some of the best reviews to read on amazon
we have the best boy scouts , do n't we folks ?
it 's uhh .. pretty boring . nothing special , and not worth the effort of catching the fuckers . also rabbit traps are illegal , at least in south australia , so that makes it harder
i think people should watch it ( though i know what you mean ) . i am never in a crowded area and not think about the exits after watching it .
it 'll never be banned statewide , though . if for no other reason than all of los angeles ( at least the super rich ) would flip their shit . los angeles houses billboards the way offshore banks house money .
it 's just a stone with some faded out depictions followed along with a few symbols that virtually almost no one understands anymore . your bar wall is n't missing much .
came here to say this bless you
best . movie . ever .
as someone who works in retail , i would love to go off on customers who are massive dickhead cunts .
if you ditch near a ship you 'll probably still get shot out of the sky and break your neck . if you ditch far from a ship you 'll never be noticed . if you ditch midway ... ah he probably crashed and broke his neck , besides we 've got places to be .
basically white milk
imagine if humans did this .
i could do about 1 3 rd of the work in my head , if not more ( outside of simplifying ) for a lot of calc in high school . i wish i could have just wrote down what i could n't do in my head for showing work . because then it would only take up 1 4 th a page instead of a full one .
horatio nelson was one of the inspirations for horatio hornblower , who was the basis for jean luc picard .
what happens after 6 years ?
he phrased it badly . that is exactly how it works in denmark as well .
i thought reddit just hated paid mods . seems to be a lot of praise of mods in general to me . edit : oh lol ok
too bad pulling out does n't stop the clap .
even more interesting ... they 're kind of tied for the closest with chimps . so , chimps , a male dominated violent society . bonobos , a female " lets greet each other with masturbation " society . a very interesting divergence .
that 's metal af
wondring aloud is some great acoustic playing
speaking of which , are porn theaters still a thing anywhere in the country ?
nsfw it would appear the company ended up going in a different direction
i always thought mid 50s
i met her once in texas .
representing avon park here !
tha singl bluddy raindroppa neva feels responsibl fo tha flud
that 's what happens when a southern kid grows up and gets rich . what a blast .
just a reminder that we , humanity , have only identified . 001 according to recent studies although some older studies claim 14 . either way , this should be no surprise .
when will hollywood close the blonde pay gap ?
i know , right ? all these people talking as if slash is a real person . i do n't want to take away their innocence , but come on , people , grow up ! !
to the top with you !
gotta pay your dues if you want to sing the blues ...
to this day i say hit mill .
you ever read about any rebellion or act of insurgency ?
second it
because of how greedy the parents of the victims are . sueing families which are completely innocent and shouldnt have to pay for something their children did .
1 usa 1 usa usa 1 1
what did they teach ?
in the name of u snuffy 1717 ... hello future people .
only roma could lose a semifinal on a coin toss
comedian bill burr did a great piece on this on conan . he said everyone is on roids , and people are just mad because " our roided up guy beat your roided up guy " __url__
when my dad was diagnosed with multiple myeloma , the doctors made my 67 yo mom , who already had a hysterectomy , sign release forms stating that she was n't pregnant and not considering it . it was kinda surreal .
and his living last words too ?
username checks out
exactly . same with getting a job . all about who you know
invasive species are a massive problem in many places , particularly places where rats , cats and other predators were introduced where previously there were none . these species will often prey on ground breeding birds and their eggs and ( near ) wipe them out . it 's very sad .
tiger 's amazing game must 've pissed some of these people off so much .
in other news , water is wet .
yes , a hawaiian one . it 's also referenced in the quite excellent book the soul of an octopus
stop complaining and pirate it like a man
my sister is still alive and somehow survived overdosing on heroine 3 times . shit fucks you up the first time , by the third you just do n't care . shrugs
i love me my milk
so much for not showing up for his national team . d10s
r shitwehraboossay
vocal cords , not chords .
her " resurrection " was also to some extent seen as divine intervention , and so she was allowed to go free . in later life she was referred to as " half hangit maggie " " well , we tried . "
my copy of wait until dark missing from my collection of vhs so is funny face . have n't looked at these for over 20 years . __url__
her military background is part of the reason she got the wonder woman gig too .
masterpiece of a game . the graphics were so detailed for that time period . the storyline was engrossing . you can tell they put lots of research and hard work into making the game . it set the standard for those type of rpg 's for awhile .
good for her !
also a huge republican
most enjoy giving the chocolate to friends . and the men reciprocate on white day . obligatory is not the individualistic forced meaning it has in the us .
to be honest if it that 's long no matter what it 's virtually unbreakable .
land of the free woooo . the organs are nice tbh
truth
you callin ' me stupid ?
the awesome ring is fine incentive !
no , but i expect you could trade it in at a bank for todays money . you would n't want to though ... you 'd want to sell it to a private collector .
it was " skeeting " in the 70 ' 80 ' s .
good point .
the other reasons are being a bunch of alcoholic inbreds .
plus it helps when you write the history .
1892 whew he was old
the money has to come from somewhere ...
electric eels live in stagnant freshwater .
thieves
test audiences actually found malaysian airlines too terrifying so they had to create a fictional one .
correct animal models to be specific . they tested it extensively on mice or rats . either way it reduced the litter size due to the malformed pups being resorbed . a primate model demonstrated the malformation effects .
wow . of all the places in the world . . . actually , that 's kind of what i expected .
i always loved the second miniseries opening theme . perfectly 80s .
that 's a pretty good map of western australia . it 's interesting to see what parts are slightly distorted or where the map drawer has made assumptions . i think they were assuming papua new guinea ( png ) was connected to australia .
why not both ? !
upvote forever .
same goes for good doggies .
grew up as an expat in kz can confirm !
" i have left santa barbara in flames " 500 worth of damage
classic china
pretty sure that is specifically the motto of the 335th fighter squadron ( the chiefs ) out of seymour johnson afb , nc . they fly f 15es now . sometimes their gear just says " world 's leading mig killers " instead . 218.5 aerial victories against migs according to wikipedia .
one that will mak .. ooooooh . good joke .
apparently it was a religious experience .
and ended up becoming a green lantern . what a man !
i think the effects on berlin , hamburg , tokyo , and other cities would say otherwise . people were miserable , homeless , starving , and tired of seeing everyone around them die .
i bet most just wanted to see if the running of the jew was a real thing .
dude i live in va and have been to vegas numerous times , theres no way the humidity is as bad as you make it seem .
it 's like when they played borats song from the movie instead of the actual kazakhstan anthem .
henry was a very sporty guy in his youth so i 'm not surprised .
speak up coward . petaq
concentration camps .. you had to go there did n't you .
but they never finished it . the dalekanium was never installed onto the lightning rod correctly .
this is the lost city of comic con . which i have looked for for all my life
bearmageddon .
fields ? china ?
this is exactly the tactic ken ham uses debating bill nye , but of course , bill was able to over come .
seems that some flight attendants would prefer you to take the can
the big shill ?
alcohol mostly . oh and chemistry
season 2 , episode 11 : milf island .
you really need to be creative to come up with shit like that .
sounds like something the fcc should investigate .
everything i know about democracy tells me some senator had a wool or cotton business he wanted to protect . edit nevermind . rome was an empire at the time .
6.4 million people live on the irish island , and 30 million americans claim irish ancestry . that blows my mind .
he was ultimately acquitted not because he did n't ( agree to ) do it , but because he was entrapped by the fbi and dea when a drug trafficker more or less said , " i bet i can get you delorian if you want . "
my dad worked with him in the early 60 ' s with nasa .
youd think theyd communicate to avoid whaling boats , or boats in general if they had the capability .
i refuse to read the article and educate myself , therefore i will refuse to accept the fact that they are n't made of peanut butter . ) ):
was this a british dentist , or is op from a commonwealth country ? )
do n't fucking jinx it .
that title hurt my brain
in addition , wenger becomes the most winning manager with 7 wins .
so somebody somewhere has nuclear warheads ?
they 're not wrong ... we really all could n't be living without spunk .
shhhh it makes too much sense
is this really all that surprising considering the first time it was done was almost 50 years ago , in 1969 ... ?
johnny c gave me those gates !
the great fish ... mammal . whatever .
i went to college there . early to mid 1990 ' s . it seemed like a very hillbilly town for being in west indiana .
a lot of people here have no idea what the purpose of food is . to them it 's just a way of rewarding themselves for getting through another 3 hours of life .
tell that to 2015 ' s the best comedy or musical winner " the martian . "
did the narrator just call the entire uk , england ?
how often does this happen where they need a word for it ?
my maternal grandparents also divorced each other twice and remarried twice . that 's true love right there .
paddy 's pub 4:50
look at chicago and their tough gun regulations . laws do n't fix cultural norms .
d'aww , poor baby cant understand a 30 year old tv show . do n't worry a new transformers movie is out for the likes of you .
comes in space gray only , no headphone jack :(
here is the family tree of the indo european languages so you can see exactly how they are related
it 's difficult to improve the original entirely hand drawn map environments . the enhanced edition allows you to play at higher than 640x480 resolution though , which really helps you enjoy the beauty of the game more easily .
is this skyrim lore ?
do n't remind him !
and returning from marathon , he yelled out " nike " before collapsing and dying . nike meaning victory .
that diploma is invalid . standards are standards . he gets to keep the nobel prizes , tho .
what does bubba 's severe underbite represent
the gray squirrel could certainly be placed there , along with city pigeons .
murder was the case that they gave him .
farmers could also pump out kids for labor force
beavers are also fish under this same type of rule ...
gandhi gets a lot of praise , but he was a pretty shitty person to his wife .
suddenly ? ! he 's been the best character all along .
lemniscate is also an ai
i watched this for the first time some years ago because a buddy was telling me how horrible it was . i decided to watch it to find out . i was devoid of emotion or feeling midway through and could have easily walked off a cliff .
yeh as an irish person this is a very uninteresting til . almost like someone out up til washington was the name of a famous american and there is a state named washington
would she have worn the red white and blue parachute pants and been slathered with vaseline ?
purchasing a big ass .
when words did n't hurt him they used sticks and stones to break his bones .
aw , you just reminded me about rocky .
what up , young blooood ?
mm , i 'm skeptical of this skepticism . other sources say otherwise .
" i never saw lincoln again . of all the men i ever met , he seemed to possess more of the elements of greatness , combined with goodness , than any other . " william sherman
sweet home alabama
micki maraj
just a late term abortion silly !
to this day i use this line whenever i am in a group of people when something is distributed among them .
god bless ol ' two jags
surely we have better means of creating enough wealth for everyone than 14th century europe .
no thanks i 'll take kazakhstan
so , today you learned that coincidences happen ?
30k was spent on a penguin in my country . which was probably eaten . google penguin released eaten and you will find the story of happy feet .
or perhaps just good at blaming the killings on someone . forced confessions and the fact that the death penalty makes the perpetrator hard to question afterwards .
raiders came out a year before pitfall .
and improve its morals .
fuck it ! i 'm doing it live !
beavers may have stolen our engineering , but it sounds like we 've still got geometry on lock !
one storey .
if they absorb georgia they would be the ultimatemississippi .
that 's the most bizarre interpretation of the warburg effect i 've ever heard
not true . as the wikipedia article itself notes , this story first appeared as a joke about an irishman in an american newspaper in 1856 . the quote was not attributed to voltaire until the 1970s .
nah , anything interesting was shredded decades ago .
it is , i , the booooox ghooost
yeah , that definitely sounds like kind of thing the nazis would do .
i grew up in the far north and know sprunk cum .
i did n't realize it was that deep .
yeah who names a clothing store after that ?
as a of the global population of the time , he killed more people than all the wars combined since 1900 ... and it is n't even close . gk killed a lot of people .
you could say he ... feyn 'd ... an infiltration .
serious question : could you eject out of a helicopter without getting slashed by the blades ? realistically if the helicopter is crashing down then any attempt to escape from the side would result in the helicopter cutting you from above . so are you pretty much screwed ?
giving einstein the dog bite attack was always my favourite . or electricity and c4 .
indeed , we have , quite literally , thousands of years of beer making experience to rely on . and wheat itself has changed in that time .
phew . i 'm not alone in my bad memory .
or a hilarious press conference regarding it here : __url__
shaw brothers later became the cathay cinemas and he also owned tvb , a major hong kong tv station .
two plates ?
makes me proud to be australian :')
yeah he also spent a significant portion of his musical career addicted to heroin . so that he does n't do a lot of drugs now is n't so much in question : it 's the drugs he did 50 years ago that amazes most who are surprised he lived through them .
lol , not if it works without big pharma getting their cut . ( i 'm not saying it works . )
how the fuck did people function before the internet .
cholula is actually tasty unlike most hot sauxe sold here
it 's possible that her books about ribsy are what made me start loving dogs . i 'm excited to start reading them to my kids soon .
i 'll just leave this here . ( it 's from a mel brooks film if anyone is curious . )
i was accused of cheating by my teacher in the sixth grade one time because i did " long division " in my head , so clearly tesla and i are pretty much the same person .
maybe it was ruled a suicide because he killed himself ?
wow , just watched the second episode ( s01 ) of south park today , and they show this video when a volcano eruption happens , duck and cover
this is like the " i pardon you " scene from schindler 's list
where is a metric bot when you need one
someone knew , likely the guy having a giggle after sneaking that ad through the suits .
" dressed as batman ... "
is irreligious even a word ?
does someone in texas also sell butane and butane accessories ?
i learned this on the cult classic history channel game faux : pawnography ! long live u realchristophertitus
never heard the uv thing before but i did hear that after his surgery he destroyed some paintings he nolonger thought were good enough
have you tried using a password manager like dashlane or lastpass ?
a second labrador guide dog , salty , also helped it 's handler out of one of the towers too .
the irish for tyrone is t r eoghan , pronounced tear ( as in crying ) owen . it means eoghan 's land country .
had no idea gw was a got fan
can n't they just make a smoke alarm that uses lots of high power flashing lights ?
tahiti
that 's ' cos his lawyers were wicked smaht
could you explain ?
__url__ here 's my slashdot post about it , ten years ago .
l ' tat , c'est moi ?
the " warm smell of colitas " also refers to the odor of marijuana .
this post gave me a nosebleed .
going to show us where their hometown is on their hand .
gosh ... get over it .
my god , no re feels like a blast from 2012
its definitely not out of the realm of possibility
israel 's continued existence and brilliant success is nothing short of miraculous .
blue jays ?
what about anaheim peppers ?
i raised a baby raccoon that showed up on my back patio one day . they really are an incredible species .
well fed was when they were actually fed as we would today . poorly fed would be " barely enough to subsist " . after all , obesity is only a problem now it really was n't an issue 2,000 years ago because there was n't enough food to go around .
its european heritage
also , til it 's impressive to predict the plot of a movie when your prediction is one year after the publication of the short story that was the basis of said movie .
it brings all the alcoholics to the yard .
i switched to foobar 2000 . much better imo .
" say eric " " elic " " now say america " " america " " take away the am and a " " elic "
just met her in new zealand when she came . quite amazing women .
ah sheffield , south yorkshire does n't disappoint ( born and bred in sheffield and surrounding towns )
what 's this ? a til about cereal that does n't involve masturbation ?
he has one hell of a toupee or hair transplant or whatever it is . that easily takes off 10 20 years probably .
it only applies if spouses die with less than a month of difference . it 'd be too much of a coincidence if it happened for unrelated reasons .
what about cane and abel ? who were they doing , anyway ?
kind of . then again i 've gotten jobs where i said i knew html and i just cut and paste from google searches .
shall we tell them mila kunis is a soviet spy ?
actually , rats are the most social rodents and can let themselves die if they 're left alone .
exit 69 big beaver road duh
winger was the punchline of a joke long before mike judge got a tv show . the only people unaware of this ? winger .
watching thos shooting start when searching almost made my 56k connection worth the wait . also , jumping to your geocity home page to click all your daily news , sports , fanpages and gallerie addresses . oh oh ! ! ! and midi files .
the journal comment section brings out the worst in people worst people
can we just focus for a minute on this 39 years of age , that 's fucking insane .
city population is n't nearly as important as metropolitan area population . the 3 are close , but metro columbus is the smallest .
i read this morning that tarantino is finalizing a script based on the manson family murders , and is lining up cast right now . brad pitt 's name is reportedly attached to it .
biehn commented on one of the behind the scenes featurettes that if he had known david fincher would eventually become the successful filmmaker that he has proven himself to be , he would have let fincher use his likeness for free . oops !
" he 's not the messiah , he 's a very naughty boy " ( yes i know wrong movie , but still . )
can you blame them ? cia coups and black ops attacks does that to some people . 9 11 is also known as payback day .
well they are dying at an alarming rate
paw strikes are considered safer to execute and have more deadly striking force than closed fists . mma facts
i thought it was id software 's fault .
i wonder how a fugitive priest would fare under otherwise identical circumstances .
that 's not a good analogy . if the glass was in a super position it 'd be full and empty at the same time , not half full .
millions for defense , not one cent for tribute .
get this , if you go farther back the number is even higher !
great must hear uhura interview by tyson on startalk , where she describes her mlk encounter : part 1 part 2
and then a few years later he was in transformers .
that 's why it 's so salty ( )
i always heard it as " it is transparent allah can n't see the alcohol " while chugging vodka .
designated survivor
the bar they 're being measured against is me2 . although , imo me3 was nearly as good ... up until the last 15 minutes . i 'm the kind of person where you screw me over , you never get a second chance .
exactly . places like iraq , syria and afghanistan suffer so much because of japans recalcitrant behaviour .
that 's a low for science .
the idea that every human life has value is an historical abnormality that even now is n't ubiquitous .
project m :'(
these fuckers are everywhere up by my camp , no way are these guys endangered
he 'll need some help .
is it possible to be borderline only when you 're intoxicated by alcohol ? that would explain one of my exes .
look at the gams on her !
with all the detail and makeup and whatnot , it was probably a long time to get those things ready , and the team in charge of making sure things were perfect would n't be there with them in these locations .
i would rather follow her
despite the negative press covfefe
there are way more literal names out there . nunavut ( ) , for example just means " our land " in inuktitut . the usa uk uae also have very generic names .
" he is best known for being the great uncle of los angeles dodgers pitcher clayton kershaw "
not only that but there are actually north korean labor camps in siberia fun fact if you 're interested vice did a series visiting them
i have her album and its actually very good . its all light acoustic songs in french with very catchy melodies . it was the 1 album in america in january 1964 , right before the beatles appeared on ed sullivan .
1683 worst year of my life s
i 'm not even saying this to be funny , cage is a great actor .
cheese it !
so conn igulden 's caesar novels depicting caesar and brutus as same age persons training side by side and serving in the military at the same age is frivolous make believe ?
these 6.6 liter engines made a wopping 330hp . then the fuel crisis happened and power output dropped to 215hp . modern vw golf gtis make more than that with a 2.0 l 4 cylander .
well to be fair , he did only have one job .
great scott !
needs an x in there somewhere to show all the young adults that they 're cool and edgy .
absolut vodka
except they did n't rename it . they 're different cities .
i came here to say that we call them party plates hahahaha
hey for all we know mj was a happy drunk
the swiss being morally deprived ? shocking
damage range up
standard wine bottle size world wide is 750 ml . standard liquor bottle size is 700 ml . a fifth is actually 757 ml , but from what i can tell most ' fifth ' bottles are actually 750 ml , or a ' metric fifth ' .
fuck nestle , just another piece of shit corporation ...
she also gave way for to dr . phil .
i thought he only responded to happy faces . u thiscatmightcheeryou responds to sad faces .
til raccoons could be actual bandits .
i pray that my redeemer will come and take me from my grave
it 's called money . rich people have it .
a lot of muslim girls also sleep around even though it 's forbidden . not exactly an uncommon occurrence .
i can n't help but feel like nico is better placed more likely to win a race than sergio now . with renault being a works team with a big budget , if they can spend well and develop there is no reason they can n't become a front running team again ... force india not so much
historian checking in : we do n't believe that any more .
no they turned themselves into females source : iran has the most sex changes
this is incredible . i 'm upset i have n't seen this video sooner ... even tho it 's been out for 3 days . but still . amazing . what fascinating creatures .
which is why they need watson to do it for them
that 's so raven
i fully support a purely iq based eugenic theory ... just make sure the tests are fair across all races and each of the 13 genders .
who is leaving a trail of urine ?
patience pays off when planning to get away with assisted suicide
well not all the time , anyway .
i made my name trvekvlt in a video game and nobody gets it and my friends just call me tervuh kuhvult and i gotta say , it 's kind of a bummer .
smoke that shit instead
when did the emperor do that ?
my ex step brother died from brain cancer a few weeks ago thatnks to 9 11 . rip officer brian falb .
thank you op , for giving the link for exact section of the wiki page that mentions it and not just the whole wiki page for the dam . upvoted for good link ethics .
i do n't wanna go on a rant here , but america 's foreign policy makes about as much sense as beowulf having sex with robert fulton at the first battle of antietam , i mean when a neo conservative defenestrates , it 's like raskolnikov filibustered deoxymonohydroxinate .
and infants who have n't been vaccinated yet .
while these can be debated one example of a sense outside of the established five is propioception . it is the ability to know where all of our extended limbs are at all times without having to look at them . another is the sense of time passing .
sounds like some bullshit .
possibly more so than albert fish
i always love when a lower comment has higher karma than the comment above and idk why .
the true reason for the death of millions of soldiers . . . the classic ass shlap
they should have had multiple winners around the us in different springfields .. go big .
subreddit simulator is better than the rest of reddit 90 of the time , at least the posts are interesting . also that double take you do when you read something that should be from the simulator but is n't
be a laborer . 25 an hour as an apprentice to shovel . that 's how i pay for college .
buncha goddamn fat cats
hear that ? indie game devs are coming
albert einstein
kamikaze means " divine wind " . originally it referred to the typhoon that drove the mongols back from japan in the 1200 ' s . that event was mythologized in japanese culture , reinforcing the idea that japan was protected by heaven .
greg was such a talented , hilarious individual . sad he is gone . rip
this comment should be 2x the parent karma . underrated comment of the year .
is anybody else from the great escape still alive ?
i read this while praying to joe pesci
how is that not ( at least ) manslaughter ?
sounds like a good week for hunter s thompson .
757.0823568
khaaaaaaaaaaaannnn ! ! !
just like they have no homosexuals and over the course of 10 years only 2 trans people were murdered .
everyone has an opinion about everyone else 's opinion . reddit in a nutshell .
andrew carnegie was the american equivalent . he was worth over 300 billion in the late 1800s , and built 2500 libraries , among other things .
722 years and they still have n't researched arbalests .
i 'm partial to " vodka is our enemy , and we will utterly consume it . "
but now theres some talking head going around saying bin ladens son is the next leader of al queda , and hes also in a few of their videos because of who his dad was .
til bad pr for minor company missteps ( i . e . nothing highly illegal ) will in the long run with increase your stock price .
at least he did n't has his own people , like assad s
what do those two things have to do with each other ? it 's like saying " james monroe gave the monroe doctrine in 1823 . 4 years later he tripped on a rake . "
you flushed them ? karen that was 50 thousand dollars worth of memes ! they never would have found those memes ! ! ! why did you do that karen ! why did you do that ! ! !
that 's the logic behind the clusterfuck that nascar has for the chase . thanks matt kennseth
yep . sequels cost more ... until that kills the series .
what a fucking trip you just had ehy mate !
also iran is apparently rape free .
the poorer you are the harder you work !
they did not know disease until the white man came .
this is what i remember . not just tap water but tainted , unpurified water drawn from the thames or something like that .
and i would graciously accept his 2 million reasons . gene , please have your people contact my people . or we can do the sitcom thing where it 's the 90s and we never exchange contact info but still somehow manage to go on a date later .
just dont visit at the same time as the palestinians missiles eh ?
because in your story you get to be the guide dog , saving your panicked cat .
just saw it the other day on x mas dvd mom gave like 8 years ago
i heard they were bolted in from the outside .
i recently went to cuba , literally everyone is making money off tourists . the place cost me more money than an american vacation
it 's been cross post __url__
i did n't even realize they had cameras in 4000 bc ! amazing !
so i guess there s strong evidence that all democrats are psychopathic child raping serial killers ?
i thought it was about drug addiction .
higher ratings than cop rock ? i highly doubt that .
isn t he a csi with lapd now ?
the camps had several houses , landing there was not cheap .
maybe i should give it another chance , because that is how i always viewed it as well . i have never been able to understand the love many of my peers have for south park . it just goes in one ear and out the other for me .
try it and find out
such a good boy .
while way ahead of its time it 's important to note that it only looks as good as it does because of how good spielberg was at hiding it , setting the biggest cgi scenes at night in the rain .
and it was on wax . one hot day and a window left open would have melted it . just one of the 48,150 days and it would have been lost for ever .
it means listen to manowar every day
west virgina has these with copperheads . they smell like cucumbers apparently .
if you squint you can kinda see a nip in the top right corner .
blame it on the fast food chain
reference is from the nuclear gandhi meme from the civilization game series well done op
why do you have to leave the city to commit adultery ? surely just going to the far side of the polis ( where people are least likely to recognize her ) would do . plus , doing it in the bushes and with wild animals and bandits around ...
sorry , that was me . i saw a polar bear ... could n't help it .
as someone with common sense there is no reason to have children unless you specifically want to nurture a human being and have the time , money and patience for it .
the australian national anthem fits the gilligan 's island theme
til clark kent is superman
hence the term " irony " another made up fact brought to you by reddit
r nevertellmetheodds
how else am i gonna know mcrib is back ? ! ?
tfw no one trusts those who surveil , and we offline encode decode printed cryptograms that are sent via avian ip and homing ferret networks .
i feel like introducing alcohol to some extent in children would make them less likely to feel the urge to get hammered when they 're in their 20s .
well , i mean , if you 're going to get reincarnated as a soldier once , you might as well do it multiple times , so why not ?
the usvi probably does n't have the resources to care for a bunch of random people at the moment .
was this kid . you have my sympathies .
gravity got him in the end though ..
pretty sure most spirits are in cl . edit : like this __url__
i wish i could gleek at will .. only ever seems to happen randomly after eating something sour or tangy .
are you a teen ? you are
half a denarii for me life story ? ! there 's no pleasing some people .
even the edited tv version which stated the unforgivable insult that her mother did in fact " sew socks that smell "
reddit should show the same level of critical thinking and skepticism regarding news about enemies of the usa like russia , china , nk and whatnot .
two for the road is my " underrated gem " , like moon . i saw blue valentine after i saw two for the road and was like " this is n't groundbreaking , they did this in 1967 " charade is better but that 's still up there .
the best thing about standards is that there are so many to choose from .
yeah , she was a monster that deserves no respect .
r . i . p . malcolm young
stabbing or poisoning bill himself
precisely why i always eat the crust .
that 's actually pretty interesting , considering his history with them . crockett fought in the creek war .
brutal .
ahh statistics .
this is one of the greatest videos in sports
there s an snl sketch with kelsey grammer and phil hartman about this .
no soup for you !
10 10
not dead yet , doc . r humansaremetal
i married a guy with the same brown green hazel eyes as myself , the same dark brown hair , similar skin tone , cheekbones , and jaw line as myself . he is just much taller .
nope real cave diving story is relevant and worth a read : __url__
r til has some of the worst comment sections on reddit . better off just sticking to the posts or unsubscribing .
i remember hearing that in wolf packs the alpha eats the liver first
am i the only fucking one here who has never heard mexicans being called lazy ? in fact they have a reputation ( stereotype ) for being hard working . anyone ?
they did n't all die at once ... the process is still ongoing .
it does n't look like anything to me
the title says at the height of , so sounds like the first week it came out .
the president ( s ) spends millions on vacations but still pays tolls ?
that 's how the law works in canada , he said sorry .
is there any proof that these birds have done this ? ?
far cry 3 lied to me
so he was a teenager the whole time ?
the whole of star trek is a pretty close rewrite of captain cook 's journeys of exploration to australia and the pacific . captain cook captain kirk the endeavour the enterprise best friend scientist banks spock voyage of discovery etc
being in the closet is not exclusive to japan .
this edict has essentially killed arpitan . most likely the adoption of the french language was do just that ( as well as securing stronger diplomatic and commercial ties with france ) .
why would a well fed army march further ? it would still be 1000 steps .
we know . that 's the only reason this post was made . karma circle jerk . gotta post while the topic is hot
it 's preferable to letting any keto circlejerkers near the school .
that 's even more interesting than ted cruz being an honorary member of gwar .
that seems like the numbers police use when they bust someone with a few 8balls . even now you can get a ball for like 150 ( 3.5 grams ) multiply by 3 and that 's 10.5 grams a day for 450 ... 7 is 3150 . even so .. dayum
till they do their part to death .
makes sense since canada is so far from the conflicts .
and gort want strong enough to carry the actress so they had to use a dummy
ave caesar !
that went from really cool to depressing in 2 seconds flat .
this makes me think that astronauts have definitely had sex out there .
that makes an economic problem in a growth based economy .
and as for today , smithsonian institute is still waiting for the very first ever qr code scanned .
__url__
solid damage control pepsi , very inconspicuous
my little sister used it to give a presentation about clara barton , founder of the red cross
there 's a place by me in danbury ct that has like viewing booths , but i 'm not sure if they 're live or not . i also came across one up in nowhere nh
i still do occasionally . it 's my my first ever email address , registered in ' 95 , i think .
remember western europe , when arrogant americans say we saved your ass in world war ii , we might be referring to saving you from the soviets .
the irony .
maybe it 's just me , but i thought the drugs caused the death due to the placement in the title . she did not die from the meds , but from lack of treatment for the real problem : acute bowel obstruction .
zapp brannigans voice was made to soud like troy 's in phil 's honor as he was originally cast for that voice role .
what funny sing should they play if an american won a contest unexpectedly ?
it 's down the road from us . nice pool , i was there a few weeks ago . name cracks me up tho
did you too go down the wikipedia rabit hole after reading about the death erection post from yesterday 's til ?
especially twitter which forces small messages . i hate that it 's so popular . it 's a terrible platform for anything except fanboys to follow celebreties ' everyday stuff .
on the flip side , v kingur is a legit name .
in his case , he probs regretted dying from his stupidity .
and the mother is beth riesgraf who was in leverage and an episode of how i met your mother
" he died either of a self inflicted gunshot wound or a wound sustained earlier " according to an article linked in wikipedia , in case anyone was wondering .
why poop in a toilet when you have a perfectly good beach to ruin ? __url__
brb , giving my daughter all my knives and teaching her krav .
i like to think the queen goes on a dolphin ride now and then .
to be fair the boss probably does hate them
yes , but culture difference is huge . also , it s a joke ) don t get your ranger undies in a wod .
i 'm a pretty big simpsons fan but this ... edit : " i 'm a pretty big simpsons fan , i 'm just not a fan of big simspsons "
send every orphaned black gay little person with aids to college ! ! !
" what one man can do , another can do . say it . "
me too , don rosa is my favourite artist . those details , man ! and i love the treasure hunts and scrooge 's youth stories .
the tax does it . owning a dog is not cheap so you filter some irresponsible people out leading to fewer dogs overall .
do n't forget to have your prostate exam .
the sex pistols would all be in prison if this was true
this afternoon it 'll be partly shooty with a chance of mortars ...
crazy that hjk never repeated in their dominant spell . funny enough if you have an fm save and are n't playing in finland hjk will win the title every year until eternity
ducks
weird . i wonder how many people have listened to him without knowing he killed a bunch of folks .
it 's possible , but iirc there was a russian pilot who defected with his mig during the cold war . edit : link
" where are you from ? " " vancouver . " " oh , you 're canadian then ? " " no , in washington . " " d . c ? " " no , the state , god damn it ! "
i would n't call gandhi sadistic .
what is " meritocracy " for 1000 alex ? the distinction between past experience and qualifications are kinda blurry here , considering the past experience would make for qualifications in certain instances i think , but w e
another thing is , it looks ridiculous now , but people were used to riding high and mounting horses . this was a similar height to horse height .
my last job i was the " assistant to the program director " or as i found out the guy that did all the work and got absolutely zero credit for successes
everyone gets on reagan 's must about ending the cold war , but i think ol gorby did way more to end that peacefully .
and a robot .
neat
such things should be reminded often .
__url__ this interview is where ridley mentioned the " prometheus , awakening , covenant " order of the movies
meanwhile , i 'm starting to think about selling my kidney because i 'm broke ...
exactly . there is something about jennifer carpenter . bear in mind a big part of the attraction could have been the character because she was more of a bad ass straight forward kind of girl that i think a lot of guys would like .
" treat every gun as if it loaded . " the very first rule everyone is taught about guns .
" its good to have land "
but in america , holocaust denial is an opinion you 're entitled to , so let 's bring on a holocaust professor and a holocaust denier because both sides of the debate deserve equal coverage ! edit : did n't think i 'd need a " s " for this , but here we are .
i 'd think she services quite well .
the only thing that article says is that it 's considered carcinogenic in california . every single fucking product under the sun falls under california 's definition of carcinogenic . most of the rest of the world is far more reasonable .
comment of the day
why do you think he died ? he got sick of hiking up the goddamn mountain .
they do n't make them like that , anymore .
really detracted from the realism imo .
i would n't buy bepis either
someone turned a thread around and made it about the patriots , not surprised .
yeah it seems she chased after the guy and attacked him after the fact . it 's not the right thing to do , but it 's still a reasonable understandable thing to do .
everything in the world either is , or is not , a dildo . i think you meant to say , " and , " instead of , " or . "
but they produced 11 of the 12 humans who walked on the moon ( all but alan shepard , who was born in 1923 ) .
at least they did n't run them over with tanks this time .
i mean they make that apparent when jerry and george pitch the show they 're on as a show for tv . edit : they 're
i should tell my uncle to make a reddit account just to reply to this thread . not sure he would have much to say but he was the vfx supervisor for it ! my grandpa was talking about the intro scene every damn time my uncle popped in the city conversation !
and if you play it backwards , there 's a verse of stairway to heaven
hollywood accounting .
i do n't know about this . i 've been eating carrots and now i can see these reposts coming from a mile away .
oh , the early ' 60s . that entire era was largely powered by perfume and tequila .
there were so many good ones , it was hard to pick a favorite quote . i guess i 'll have to go with " you are already at full cock now " instead of you have done well , my apprentice "
that is what greatness looks like , ugly and painful but goddamned dogged .
i can n't believe how stupid some of these tils are . this fact has been drilled into your brain in every form of media and news since moses wore short pants .
what are the requirements to be labeled an " idiot " by the state ?
have you tried being nikki minaj
he 's a cool dude
i heard it was a sick ostrich .
holy shit , are we talking about actual indians for once ? ? ?
steve buscemi put out the resulting fire .
lol
there 's a saying in america : teach your kids to play baseball . look at that list .. holy shit . there 's talk that mike trout and bryce harper could be half billion dollar players when they enter free agency .
i always wondered about this as notes in my country are phased out every 15 20 years and new ones introduced . it was confusing to see people in movies set in present day looking for money hidden in 1900 or something as i assumed it would be worthless .
til he voiced him , god damn
no you 've got it wrong , we 'll get paired up after winning our first knockout stage , ro16 again
do you spit or swallow your dasani ?
thriller of a joke .
santa fe ? santa clarita ?
sounds like mittens
some of them are also observed to stick out their tongue and go " meep meep " .
and her daughter was a bassist in the melvins !
i 'll always love his books . they are the reason i 'm such a good reader as an adult .
more like a council full of them . bitter old ladies with nothing better to do than fuck with everyone else .
jagr just passed messier this season . at the age of 44 no less .
so like three fiddy then
chill out man , its all good . it sounds really nice that you eat with your family and friends that often .
interesting ... in germany it 's called " schach matt " which , i guess , is pronounced more or less the same way than the persian phrase
trespassing in the badlands ...
one of the most exceptional seasons any driver has ever had . right up there with alonso 's 2012 season and prosts 1986 season .
yeah but those guys aren t nearly as bad as banana republic . terrible slacks , man .
" they hate us for our freedom ! " people unaware of history
baltimore was in the western conference and the coastal division . had the rams moved to baltimore after 1994 it 's safe to assume they would have stayed in the nfc west , leaving two baltimore nfl franchises in western divisions .
my dad once told me that ham 's descendants traveled to african and colonized there and that 's the origins of africa .
africanized honey bees exist at all because someone messed up .
same . ugh ... i should go to bed .
military service for british royals is a tradition that goes back over 1,000 years ... especially in times of war .
so this means " the beast " was obviously a vagina being penetrated by multiple dildos . til indeed .
we should open a thread , just for comments like these ! wilcom 2 hytraulikprezzchannel
i attended college with him for a bit when he went to u of miami . dude used to do back flips in the bar and blow fire mid flip . he was legit . we called him a jukebox that ran on drugs . glad to see he 's dinner these days .
there is also a place called " boise " in that panhandle despite there being another place called boise a mere two states away in idaho ..
is it because people need to buy multiple copies because the pages get sticky ?
i remember when i had a hotmail . my dad asked my why i had a hotmail because he " knows what it is ... " apparently he thought it was a perverted thing ? ?
slightly less so if you had lost that fight , however .
me too , i did n't get a prize
he shoulda just pinged 127.0 . 0.1
almost half ? so say about 48 maybe ? shocking !
do you see how that dude looks ? doubt he died a virgin .
and it did n't even have superheroes in it
i love how if you search his images on google , then his son 's and then his grandson 's , the first ones you find of each one of them progressively go from smiling to dead stare , so to speak .
because he was assassinated by charles guiteau
when i was a kid i always heard it as " the red coats are coming " when did the british mistake come in ? i was born in 1982 so i guess it 's fairly recent
did n't he have a pigeon he was in love with ?
what kind of non safety matches were these and where can i get some now ?
yeah , those whole couple of nights where it gets to 30 with windchill . to be fair though , i 'll take a dry 30 in whitehorse over a damp 12 in toronto .
the finale was terrible .
here in israel i see someone wearing a hugo boss shirt and a kippah at least once a day . always gives me an internal chuckle .
i 've never called a guy who knows a guy at four in the morning for some damn oreos .
watched this with my older brother when i was 11 . fucking traumatising .
i guess ringo really was n't the best drummer in the beatles .
foxes are the new stray dogs !
were you 12 then or something ?
squeak ! squeak !
the expansion to 2 takes the cake imo . throne of bhaal ftw .
if i 'm not mistaken , donkey kong 64 did because the console would crash instantly without them
that info is in op 's link
my favorite hollywood accounting is that they charge the film interest on their production budget that they pay to themselves
and i must scream
ha ! i 'm 51 and can tell you sex with women over 50 is damn good . there is also a pretty common phase the women who get divorced at 50ish will get a lot of 28 year old guys wanting to fuck them . most that i know oblige for a bit before moving on to their own age group .
check out christopher stasheff 's rhyming wizard novels . in that dimension , it was called reme .
there is a film called red wolf from the same year that die hard with a vengeance came out and it is basically die hard on a cruise ship . i would have been interesting to see bruce willis fight terrorists on a cruise ship , but red wolf makes up for that .
it 's an alien base
as if people actually cared about that , the people that do this do n't give a crap about what he stood for or what he believed in , they only cared that they lost their entertaining guy from the tv .
pete isnt underrated . he just gets butchered as a character somewhere along s4 and doesnt get his own storylines again .
last i checked , cats did n't create unit 731
deal me in .
incoming comments oversimplifying to " communism is evil " in 3 2 1 ...
everyone knows edward ii was gay as hell . his wife had numerous beaus , one of whose sons later becoming edward iii . the english geneology is very f'ked up .
that happened to me on mushrooms . you put it very well .
you have to wonder what kind of meeting there was before deciding to take the worst part of spyro the dragon and an expensive license , and mash them together into their own game . i suspect it involved cocaine .
no , it 's comcast . s
yeltsin could n't handle his freedom .
i remember when i thought slash was real
to be fair , that would also be the answer if he said yes .
yeah i 'm pretty sure the reichstag fire is common knowledge
he did , which was to bang your aunt donna . he did n't know how many years on earth he had left , so he was going to get really weird with it . meanwhile , block the wind , i 'm going to roast this bone .
i work with a 4th generation von trapp and he said maria was a pretty nasty lady . she actively opposed the von trapp kids getting married because it would ruin the family singing group and she sold their story to rogers and hammerstein for a whopping 1000 .
til pulis is welsh
bloody libratards
i heard about this thing called the metric system one time . i wonder how long it will take for the us to adopt that .
it 's the pre reformation equivalent of selling an item to an npc vendor and then killing them for it . " what did you learn ... ? "
i 've done a few google searches that a fruit diet is linked to pancreatitis , but i could n't find anything but a blog entry with no medical sources . do you think you could find your source or something similar ?
i mean it 's not that surprising considering the league is only 25 years old and most of them have been won by one scottish man .
nailed it .
press f for respects
i mean , he was n't wrong .
and thus begins the " dae dexter sucked after trinity ? ! 1 ! 1 ? 3 " circlejerk
the more i read about whales in general , the more i feel like they are the primates of the sea . they are just so much smarter than people give them credit . fish are dumb , whales are highly advanced mammals .
we have a local pizza joint called more than pizza , and they have one of these games setup in the store . the owner sets the machine to the strongest grip setting because he likes to see kids happy when they win which is just about always . seriously a rad dude .
it 's an ancient evil that just changes form .
their caribbean style habanero sauce is so good with scrambled eggs ( among other foods ) , i love it . the regular red habanero sauce is pretty good too , though .
thank you for all your hard work and sharing your story with us and the public .
the oatmeal ?

probably one of the most horrifying videos out there .
have a doctor in the family who misdiagnosed melanoma under the toenail . apparently many cases can look like toenail fungus . the patient died a terrible death .
i played 1 and 2 enhanced editions a couple years ago for the first time . it holds up great and is well worth playing .
i am the table
happy hours do go fast .
as referenced in bloodhound gang lift your head up high
same problem here in the tech world . pedants , egomaniacs , narcissists , and stuck up bitches ( gender be damned of course ) , we got ' em all .
i 'm willing to bet they knew what they were doing .
i thought those single lever faucets do n't have an easily serviceable washer these days . they last a very long time though .
keep elliot . he 's much younger and good enough . should improve and could be kicker for 10 years .
that is still one of the funniest videos on the internet .
can you think of a better song to get a bunch of rowdy bastards to settle down and calmly file out of a stadium as friends ?
for the person who for better or worse had the most influence .
is there actually any woman alive that warren beatty has dated ?
so a photo of the earth without the moon does n't contain every human that has ever existed ?
" only sith deal in absolutes ! " obi wan kenobi , making the most hypocritical statement of his life .
almost impossible to kill . i just pick pocketed him .
i feel like do n't be a stupid drunk should be on most ethical codes .
it was also an awesome tv show on techtv back in the day . i miss the ultimate gaming rig they did every few years .
my 16 year old son had colic . he is still super cranky most days . i anticipate him shouting at kids to get off his lawn in the future .
also mcgovern for president
a sweet condensed name for a sweet condensed milk .
it 's really amazing how he 's gone from a member of the crips facing murder charges to this family man we see him as today .
that is insane .
isaac newton : counterfeiter hanger ?
but julie used " cable lengths " for a lot of distances , too .
actually , i 'm thinking it was a divorce agreement or some tax or business purpose , after looking at the public records
you 're not allowed to take pictures inside . or at least you were n't allowed to when i was there in 2014 .
i 've heard of elephants doing this as well . it 's silly to say that " only these animals can do this " when we understand so little about other animals .
in most cases yes , but when it comes to hanging people hanged is correct .
very cool !
fashion goes in cycles .
sometimes when i read stuff like this i can only be glad and slightly amazed that the allies did n't raze germany from the face of the earth .
bezos at amazon hq : " usps did it in 1959 . with a cruise missile ! " minion : " sir , i am not usps . "
the thing i got out of this . i miss yahoo groups .
i 've read he 's mellowed out since his tos days and regrets some of his more diva like behavior . i read this on tvtropes with no sources so , you know , pinch of salt and all that .
til that this til is posted at least once a month .
mine too ! !
he wanted the ring to protect his fellow countrymen it was never a desire for him to have it personally .
op is definitely kevin spacey . definitely .
are you doubting jack bauer ? c'mon , man , the guy rescued his daughter from kidnappers 3 times in a span of 24 hours , on top of coming back from the dead , unraveling massive conspiracies and saving the world !
i never understood why the us society does n't accept the metric system , their finest members are using it on a daily basis : scientists , military , drug dealers ...
but the music of jimi hendrix will survive
clint eastwood ?
just got converted from twc to spectrum rebranding getting 100down 10 up for 65 sometimes get 120 down or 140 down ( i bought a 686 modem )
there was ceremony because , to the lakota at least , bears are the only other animal considered to be " two leggeds , " like human beings .
academic politics is so bloodthirsty precisely because so little is at stake .
definitely a good read ! the scene where he bites the head off a lizard in the rub al kali to drink its blood was awesome !
how it 's made ?
how do we get invited ( ( ( ) ) )
party plates . helps me know who to steer clear off .
thanks , this should kill an hour at work .
when humans first came to north america , they also had to deal with the short faced bear which weighed more than twice as much and stood several feet taller .
wtf . that 's no la bamba
i got my kids and nieces and nephews each one for christmas with the movie , they were all out in my mom 's back yard shooting cans and my sisters where giving me the evil eye for the rest of the night . it was fantastic .
the dog was brave , not stupid ...
oh look a penny
the fictional account of this depicted by neal stephenson in the baroque cycle is pretty well done , and fits in nicely with a compelling narrative .
what do they call alternative medicine that has n't been tested ?
you could also call it socialist card company , because when it fails you can just try re branding in the hopes it will work after changing nearly nothing !
when you 're the prince of darkness , the drugs just let you do them .
thanks for clarifying . everyone go ahead and click that link for some proof of what he actually said
how do you know this ? can you provide evidence that proves you are correct ?
bah weep graagnah weep ni ni bong
this will be how it 's done in the us now if the new healthcare bill passes the senate .
racist idiots , including chuck d , method man , nas , drake , and jay z .
too much logic there
relevant ricky gervais . __url__
i have some buddies in northern bc that hunt them with bows . i worked with a man who survived being mauled by one by killing it with a 44 magnum while it was biting his arm
instant anxiety attack for me seeing the guy take off his helmet and how cramped it was ... nope .
how come everyone brings up this standup bit any time reincarnation is mentioned ?
thats not the case though at least not compared to eu countries , serial killers are definitely an american phenomenon .
i think it would be hilarious if they made a comeback . then all the people who bought them at high prices and dumped them at their garage sales can re live their pain one more time !
i 'm a p t voice actor who loves my whiskey ... thing is i 'm a 33 y o who sounds like a teen . can n't complain though lots of demand for that voice range .
explain that to creationists .
little sister , do n't you do what your big sister done ...
i hear they can even see you when you 're sleeping .
absolute legend . caine said how he chooses his movies : " i get the script and see if my character is on the first page . then i flip to the end and see if he 's on the last page . if he 's on both i take the role " or some shit similar . fucking legend
duff surprisingly , he had pancreatitis , due to alcohol abuse , that 's a death sentence .
the citation for the realization that charon was the ferryman of hades states : " prior to this , christy had considered naming the moon oz . " i 'd be really surprised that a team of educated people in the 60s 70s had never read inferno .
yeah english major here and i 've also been to the dmz . but sorry , i 'm too red in the face right now to answer your question . i 'm still hung up on gpupdate 's perverse and naive use of " nature reserve " . i do n't buy into the propaganda .
i guess that makes me a processing leak .
... so what did they say ? ? ?
not all tils are true either .
1996 ? ? til i had my hotmail account since year zero .
thats what i was thinking . we know that they all have their own name , and that dolphins talk about other pod mates when they are n't around .
i guess that depends on whether or not you 're a weeaboo lol
it 's not illegal to vote for him in swedish elections though . last election ( 2014 ) the " donald duck party " got 133 votes . source
i just moved here from downstate to go to nmu . i see superior everyday and it still doesn t get old .
watch out for snakes !
once again , television has given me a reason to live . we robots do n't have feelings . and that makes me sad . bender
i totally forgot she existed lol .
that 's your fap folder , is n't it ?
dude the list of inductees is whacko . i mean i love blondie but litterally they have one good song . 2 kind of but really one . the first like 15 inductees are solid though .
fuck student politics , complete cesspit .
shit .
yes , because american police is the shining example for the rest of the world to follow .
shut up and go climb up pruis hall . just hop on the pipes opposite the library and you 're scott free to the top .
helps being good looking .
a firm believer in maintaining balance she then went onto destroy britain . she probably thought she was buying the girl under an efficient free market solution .
so what you 're telling me is that the jewish overlords are actually descendants of ghenghis khan ? puts on tinfoil hat
how does that work ? wouldnt they at some point be overrun ?
can confirm , i 'm over 30 and love donald duck comics . even many adults in finland subscribe to donald duck comic with new issue coming out every week . and donald duck is usually the most voted person in every vote in finland .
but ibm could only make a thin margin on it . and they ran away . like they do on every market that they have to compete in .
almost like catching pok mon .
what a fucking baller . rip
one citation on a wikipedia article ( from a culinary book , not a medical journal ) and suddenly it 's the gospel .
she chewed them shell and all .
the caduceus symbol is the correct symbol for use by hospitals , health insurance companies , anybody and anything that has to do with bilking the public . the rod of asclepius should only be used by medical professionals .
another fun drummer soundtrack fact : the soundtrack to drive was composed by the former drummer from red hot chili peppers
" gentlemen , we are not being true patriots unless we liberate more dollars from negro hands ... " .
install bicycle bell on car
the band became very socially progressive after this album
what breed ?
four legs good ! two legs better !
this is still so fucked .
wow 4 year old engines . these days even using last years engine is n't likely to get you anywhere .
wow , it can burn inflammable things ? __url__
so true . it sort of reminds of when lil'jon and the eastside boyz get low . " skeet skeet skeet " ... umm did i just hear skeet on the radio ? there are barely any other meanings for it . spunk is spunk lol
i did n't realize , you know , the civil war , if you think about it , why ?
tycho brahe would go on to drink and party himself to death as well .
two words : robin williams .
and edward r . rooney , dean of students
think of olympus mons and valles marineris on mars . on the opposite side of those features , there is a giant impact crater . valles marineris is a stretch mark of olympus mons popping up .
how you doin
it 's insane to me how so many people are quick to point out how over exaggerated racism in the us is today when the last slave died less than a hundred years ago and my dad was 28 when african americans were desegregated
he was also huge into trying to decipher the 2nd coming of christ from the bible .
that 's your favorite nic cage movie ? ? wickerman lite ? ?
i believe it is the later people suck .
16 minutes and counting is he okay ?
it was always weird to me because he 's voiced by martin sheen but i always thought he looked like michael douglas , and now i just imagine michael douglas is supposed to sound like martin sheen in every movie he 's in .
lesson : never skip jaw day
they did not , but everyone will still gag over this because south park .
well , peter jackson , really . tolkien never connected his work with nz , jackson did .
awww !
days later the germans would review aerial footage taken of the battle and noticed several men on deck squatting and standing back up rapidly .
what 'd you do this morning ? that 's a show .
except that 's nearly a fact . not much good comes from a studio once ea swallows them up .
but that was soooooooo long ago !
yeah , it 's only been happening since the dawn of humanity .
is that a more modern take of mutiny on the bounty ? we put much had to watch that growing up in australia .
eh , jesus christ superstar does n't hold up as well as other musicals imo . it is n't bad , but very much a product of the era in which it was written .
you mean the usa overthrew the government for 3 banana companies
why did they paint it yellow instead of pink like in the show ? also the garage sticks out too far and does n't look like it has living space above it . it 's not a bad replica , but if you 're building a simpsons house from scratch why would n't you get it right ? i 'm so confused .
south park starts off awesome , and only gets better . even now it 's still great , 20 seasons later .
in fairness everything means semen in the right context . how bout i blast some cheerios all over your face . you know what i mean ...
as funny and insightful as he is , there is a toxicity to his tone that puts me off .
well to be fair , it 's easy to point to the victims of thalidomide , but the people who could have been saved by not delaying other drugs are typically less visible so there is always something of an unjustified bias in favor of extra caution .
for what ?
it feels very raw . it 's one of the most disturbing things i have ever read .
you described my oldest daughter from the time she was 11 . she 's 13 now . i 'm hoping the attitude burns out since it started early and i can start liking her again
no he was n't
the og one .
jesus is a common spanish language name because of the islamic conquest of spain .
do n't worry , we will n't let any get away next time .
have n't the yanks and poms been stealing each other 's scripts for years now ? from who 's the boss to shameless .
needs to be nassalier .

my son was born that day during labor and delivery the obstetrician kept asking " do we really need that tv on ? "
but do n't grocery store scanners use infrared light ?
i thought nasa invented tang .
nfc payments are still emv under the hood though . it 's just transmitted differently .
we did that already , it was called world war 2
i find it interesting that the researchers seem to be all westerners with no japanese sources in the references .
" do n't touch me , i 'm super important . " npc
con goer is a fairly universal term for people who attend conventions
then the entire western world shitted on china 's one child policy as inhumane and anti freedom .
i learned this from a book called rascal by sterling north , read it when i was super young and never understood why people hated raccoons growing up , they 're super smart .
fun fact . guam is not a state either . and it may also be attacked soon .
i thought cnn was the plague .
yes ! every time i saw this i groaned and had to type out a paragraph explaining how you can n't extrapolate quantum phenomena to classical objects and ideas .
depends on how long each story is . 20 pages each ? that 's bigass collection
antz is on netflix right now if you have n't seen it . a bug 's life is not .
actually i think you 're doing both .
scrimshaw
this post aged me .
i always liked how brian cox played hannibal lecter in the 1986 movie manhunter . his portrayal seems to be the most believable if not the most entertaining . __url__
thought this was a post from r stardustcrusaders for a moment .
love me some candy pumpkins and candy corn
especially the homeless people !
and to help struggling cardiologists .
owie my bones
crow tein . so you can fight like a crow !
die harder or die ?
i wish we could bring back the mammoths and the dodo .
they 're also 700 more likely to hurl a frying pan at you whilst screaming .
women do n't need these parking spots . they can just wheel the mini van up to the front door , in the no parking zone , and put on their flashers .
he came to his end
it also defeats white walkers .
i live in spotsy and that 's the most spotsylvania thing ever .
louis prima and keely smith . they had a whole cutesy act and a terrible relationship . __url__
according to the article " it is unclear what input edison had in the electrocution " . whatever the case , he was an a hole .
clearly was born in wausau . all the other states can suck it . and eau claire and stevens point can suck it too .
block the wind while i roast this bone .
" will n't " is different than " can n't " .
the 9th amendment still covers self defense . jefferson was a lockean ( john locke ) . even if the constitution or its many amendments do not cover a specific fundamental right , you are given your rights by " nature or nature 's god " .
about tree fitty .
bobcat goldthwait
also , his great great great grandson , richard garfield , invented magic : the gathering . a lineage of greateness .
the human fund ?
after visiting this area of texas , i 'm convinced it 's full of functional alcoholics who can n't make it anywhere else . very weird indeed .
did n't he die from like radiation kind of recently ?
oh my god . i did n't realize that they had definitely 100 gotten the idea from awesome o .
mothers day goes back further in history than the existence of the us .
humans are strange .
eagles trigger his ptsd from the napoleonic wars .
that 's a wolf ? that thing looks like a photoshopped fox .
the cited souce says nothing about july 2017 , and it was added in by an ip editor . might be vandalism . could anyone double check a verified source ?
the movie is called the quest for peace , that name in itself sucks
they seem to practice utilitarianism , in which truly desipicable acts would be morally permissible if they achieve the greatest overall good .
or " holy matrimony is between one man and one woman " ? ... i mean , technically they 're not wrong , but still .
walmart preys on its suppliers . that is not a sustainable business practice .
it is , since the animal shelters in germany are n't as disgusting as in other places of the world .
we 're already dead m8 ... please
i 'd like you to demonstrate that rock in a tiger cage .
this is similar to how the top gun school was created .
the hematologists have a saying : the single blood cell never feels responsible for the blood .
they deserved knighthood . dealing with that fat fuck s ass must have been terrible .
they just wanted to ride , eat and kill a sting ray . just needed an excuse .
myths have always had a profound impact on our values . the stories we tell inform who we become .
i heard of eye bleach but this shits getting out of hand
today you learned
ed .. ward .. o ?
not peaches apparently .
what a fucking dick move .
let 's not forget the alien technology
yup , we use a rolled up newspaper and edge towards it .
and a group of haughty ferrets is called a mind your own business .
" harass through voice lines " , what kind of lines are there ? !
or forward slashes
a clothing store
do people watch the show with the commentary on often ? or do you solely watch the commentary feature to listen to the commentary ? i do n't know how to ask the question i want an answer to .
w2c
pho puns
one that 's actually conservative , preferably . everyone 's up in everyone else 's faces trying to control everyone 's lives , how about we just back the fuck off and let people do what they want and keep corporations from destroying people like the good old monopoly busting days ?
careful there . that would be 5 japanese .
kill it before it get is big .
that 's all a 1911 will hold .
so just like japan 's corporate culture ?
why not both ?
he had pancreatic cancer , one does not walk out of that one . best case scenario you live 5 to 10 years , worse case scenario you do n't see next year . edit : i 'm an idiot . his even if the cancer was were the untreatable is , he had the pretty rare actually curable cancer .
i 'm sorry you had to learn this way , but nearly everything the government uses isnt scientifical . emphasis on the word nearly though . conservatives enter the thread " i knew global warming was a hoax ! ! ! " aaaand that 's why we say nearly .
karl pilkington was right .
his mother used to make costumes for bowie , so i 've read .
thought i read somewhere that the artist gradually drew ' em bigger each time until they finally noticed .
you could have just checked their tea leaves or read there palms .
mcdonald 's is apparently the second biggest landlord in the world . number 1 ? the vatican .
big whoop , bennyhana does the same thing .
tell that to o . j .
the internet ruined tesla for me . i do n't care what got stolen from him , nothing is worse than the 1000 page neck beard dissertations given any time someone mentions edison . at this point i 'm glad he got robbed
the jews did this .
so they 're good at locking people up , just not murderers .
one does not simply walk into mordor
coral ! ! !
edward the confessor was the third king of england called edward , after alfred the great 's son edward ( the elder ) and edward the martyr .
t rex are like the guy thats always saying his dick is 1 meter long and heavily muscled , with biceps capable of lifting several hundred pounds alone , but we all know you have a problem kevin . we all know .
" the spoof song praises kazakhstan for its superior potassium exports and for having the cleanest prostitutes in the region . " ahahaha that 's terrible
by far , the worst estate sale in the written history .
yeah i mean just look at us on r til
so , you 're telling me that you do n't have to be all that bright to fall out of a space vessel ?
i visited ' the simpsons ' house when i was a kid ! !
loved that game when i was a kid ! my brother and i would play it endlessly . there 's a version for the iphone if anyone is reminiscing : __url__ not bad for a phone app :)
look at the size of that boys head ! it 's like an orange and a toothpick !
estonian and other uralic languages are n't so strict with word orders like english is , so almost any word order can be used in a sentence and it would still be grammatically correct .
and this is why it 's the big 4 , and not the big three , or the big 5 . andy may be fourth , but the picture does not look the same if you exclude him .
it took me a bit to realize you were n't talking about hamilton ... wow i 'm addicted
i heard papa doc 's real name was clarence
can we just copy and paste this entire link every time the why doesn t america just build more public transportation argument comes up ?
boooooooooooooo cole : listen to the electric wwe universe imitating reigns signature ' ooooooooaaaaahhh ' battle cry , they sure do love the big dawg !
not offensive perhaps , but imagine you just one the grand prix , you deserve better . you earned that national anthem
um look up nickis videos before she got mainstream . skinny as a pole . she had no tits or ass .
there 's power in mediocrity .
twist : he really was training and jews were the only people willing to be weights in his wagon .
all i see is
i just drank a fifth of vodka ! dare me to drive ?
awesome , good eye .
i too learned this 3 days ago .
jeff katzenberg is a fuckin twat . there 's a reason he did n't get that position .
that is a really old dog . you should check to see if he is a record breaker .
i hope your mom is okay buddy .
you are a fkn idiot , anything that has a muslim person in it , is reported much more and is blamed on the religion . this white guy is even being blamed on a possible convert to islam , thats how obsessed the media and govt is to islam .
yeah , kids are fine . teenagers on the other hand ...
you 're so right ! i stayed in fondy for 6 months last year .
why did n't you say so in the first place ? you 're fired .
the united states backs the paris street vendor version due to not wanting to have to change the name .
humans , although not true carnivores , are competent predators and can kill and eat helpless pigs unable to escape them . not a vegetarian . just saying .
there 's a hotel and rv park business in new orleans that actually rents these trailers out to guests . they tried to get me to stay in one .
can you imagine being commoner in those days dreaming of a more efficient way to keep a selection of papers together ? knowing that the king just lapping in organizational efficiency .
upvote for the speling edit
when they are running in that field . the " they do move in herds " part . those dinos looked janky now a days .
twice in a row , massa is retiring from his f1 career at the brazilian grand prix .
i guess this is farewell then .
so on the right foot my second toe is longest but on my left foot my third ? toe is longest
as traumatic and horrible as the stillbirth must have been , if she 'd had a live baby , she probably would n't be the success she is today . becoming a parent at 14 rarely leads to oprah 's kind of status .
i wish our nations got along . imagine the joint parties we would throw
thanks , ken m
yeh that country is fucked
that is actually a pretty good return on investment when you consider the 40 4000 crew on each ship .
no one must have told him that in american us , pizza comes to you !
welcome to being a female that 's not hideous .
the difference is that nic cage only plays nic cage in every film with nic cage . nic cage .
it 's not too late to be colombian columbia .
they 're the luca goers ' biggest rivals in this year 's blitzball championship !
valentina is more of a snack sauce , it overpower everything , great on fried anything , just not meals , popcorn , fritos , chips you name it , not meals .
you will be able to smoke keith richard 's corpse and get high af
has bruce ever not played bruce ?
plot twist : female bees fake it .
ignatius j . reilly , atuk , and roscoe " fatty " arbuckle were the three roles .
revoke the patriot act before even thinking of blaming liberals for anything
if we keep investing all the money into national parks , we 'll pay off the debt !
maybe god is like the three eyed raven and only knows everything when he is actually looking .
what the fuck is this
til : italy has a large economy than south korea .
upvote for calling it by its correct name . it 's not called the congressional medal of honor , just the medal of honor , and it is issued by congress .
i was actually thinking about this about 2 hours ago when i was washing my hair . thanks reddit !
wow , i 've seen snippets of that advert before , the source material is almost as inappropriate
iiirc , the limiting factor for the octopus is too short a lifespan
sounds like a plan .
it 's polly had a dolly and her head popped off
it 's better than injecting the urine into a rabbit to see if it dies or not .
" the humans when given the simulation continued to kill humans within the simulation by removing the ladder for the pool "
if it 's specified in his will they kinda have to . do n't give them props as being " incredibly generous and caring " people . if he did n't specify it , that money would go straight in their pockets .
right dwight . right dwight .
he was right . it didnt make money .
lou grant said that to mary richards on the mary tyler moore show in the 1970s . other than that ... never heard anyone say it .
2004 was during the peak housing prices . the market fell out in 2006 2007 . maybe the local market crashed ?
the fact theyd probably been smoking russian cigarettes for the past 30 years may also have something to do with it .
doesnt exist . thats why this guy is a self described " beer anthropologist " not an " archaeologist " and ran a beer store instead of working at a university
saw the hbo doc on him last night . he also mentioned that this happened 5 days after his father died , and it seemed clear he thought that he was transferring his emotions over his dad into anger towards this guy .
with those suctions cups and how they wrap around i do n't see why he can n't hold multiple beers in a tentacle
he was such a huge star i saw men in black on the big screen in a cinema when i was 11
this could well be right , but few in britain want to hear it .
" also , meet my seven wives . they are savages but so are they in bed . "
do n't worry . nuke subs are in the hands of some if the most sleep deprived people in the country . perfectly fine .
the way of the pizza
south park was something i was told not to watch whilst growing up . i never really gave it much time until recently . always saw it as just childish trash . i was blown away by its social commentary and how good the show actually is .
if it actually worked it would n't be called alternative medicine . it would just be called medicine .
dude , if that 's snake rolled up on me and started growing like a dog , i 'd fucking shit myself .
reminds me of the time a canadian football team played in las vegas and the guy singing it did n't know the tune at all so he sang it to the tune of oh christmas tree . __url__ america , if it is n't the stars and stripes go fuck yourself . edit : tube
can n't have been that annoyed . he said that he liked the nirvana version and played it that way from then on .
you got a lot of intestine without much actual mass that you need to digest so it kinda flows pretty freely . it 's not like you have to store it all in your stomach and then suddenly it just comes out .
then nobody ever heard from the writers ever again . they continue to toil in obscurity , hoping for their big break .
one is a women in a thong eating a salad with a smile like she 's up to shenanigans . who eats a salad in a thong on the bed ?
well , new york just means its a new city of york .
what 's worse , a head injury or a foot injury ?
which adds a touch of irony when he ends up losing his legs . i never noticed that before .
even if you convinced them it was just a hot bath ?
reply hazy , try again later .
r potatosalad
i envy the future generation of people that will first encounter life on other planets . to see how life evolves given a new set of parameters would be beyond words . just a note ... if everyone happens to die on that same day of first encounter , i would envy them less .
nope . hitler accomplished nothing besides indenting germany and leaving them germans with a fat star of david shaped black mark .
til that song is not about masturbating off of a hotel balcony .
well who cares , really ? it 's not like it requires any special skill or results in an actual measureable change . it 's like an ocd behaviour . it makes the person doing it feel better . that 's all it 's for .
many bothans died to bring us this information .
what was the reply ?
rip , robin .
" let 's write a cartoon with doctors and black jack and hookers . "
huzzah ! her sides are made of iron !
mostly yes . in french you call ground level " rez de chauss e " which mean straight at the level of the street .
it 's a deal . it 's a steal , it 's the sale of the fucking century .
i dunno , i hear eels can be pretty slutty .
i 've got some shocking news for you " buffalo wings " are n't actually made from buffaloes .
with that username you sure could n't ! jk
that 's about 1 3 of what that home would cost in my city .
dragic was really good that season
sweet jesus i hope it is bumpstocks
til raccoons have a better memory than reddit users , me included .
til pro universal healthcare people are destroying the economy .
did the chicken have large talons ?
likely pacing him , a full on shock is like getting kicked in the chest by a horse . source : been shocked by defib 1 7 , would not repeat
so he is jebediah springfield
a painting is beautiful , but i do n't want to bang a painting .
redditors specifically
did n't he also refuse the proper medical treatment for his cancer in favor of like carrot juice or something like that ?
having lived in honduras for several years . the only reason they do n't have a serial killer problem is the corrupt law enforcement , and another gang member likely killed the likely qualifiers before they were known .
the fig actually emits an enzyme that breaks down the wasp . it 'd be like saying if i was eaten by a bear , the bear is also eating the lasagna i had last week .
get one of these and a whale and you can also unlock three odd constructs containing three golems around the world if you go to an underwater cave that has braille writing everywhere .
well , dang it ... i guess i 'm out then
lord farquad ?
and funny
i 've been to east st . louis it makes honduras look like malibu . you have n't lived until you 've been to a strip club in east st . louis .
wololo
this was the basis for one of the first techniques used to find exoplanets . they would look at a star and measure it 's wobble to determine if there were any large objects orbiting the star .
lol why would you ever censor the word vegan
there 's an c18th building in a stately home in scotland shaped like a pineapple . stone pineapples were also a fairly common garden ornament .
the cia put him in charge after overthrowing the hardliners that overthrew gorbachev .
jefferson lives
usa did it in 2015 __url__ __url__
... and then there were the rc boats .
it will just filter out past your balls
well , yeah ... how else do you masturbate ?
vsayces
rave on !
i guess that is where the writers of " roger rabbit " got the idea from ...
this happens more often than you think . there 's novelizations of movies based on a novel . __url__
what the fuck , he 's only 2 years older than i am ?
i wish abortion was n't such a sensitive issue because that would be such an awesome name for a shot .
such a good book !
on mitron , 55th 2203 , the first ever motorcycle race will be held on mars .
where is u fuckswithducks when you need him ?
i dunno , have n't read this article yet but no one 's topped albert fish on the fucked up o meter for me .
came here for this , you did n't let me down
when you scoff at the dumb idiots who named it wireless fidelity , but then you realize you 're the dumb idiot who never bothered to check if that was what the name actually stood for
still younger than the queen .
yes . hornberger .
i thought it was mariah carry
... as a desperate measure to try and negate the " distinct culture " argument of quebec separatists .
i 'm gonna give it to t2 . most people do n't realize that a lot of the t1000 ' s liquid metal was practical effects .
enact presidential order 51 .
or heavy amounts of drugs and alcohol is the key to a long life
in the brazilian dubbed version of phenomenon george learns french instead of portuguese by reading the dictionary .
lack of travel methods and isolation over hundreds even thousands of years will do that
to be fair the holy see has diplomatic relations with nearly all countries in the world , except for afghanistan , saudi arabia ( though they 've begun working on it since 2007 ) , comoros , the maldives , oman , the prc , north korea , bhutan , botswana and tuvalu .
a lot of ancient cultures fully embrace death as a part of nature though .
so you can see !
no , they have n't ? they currently have 15 draws , while the record is 17 .
" accidentally "
it 's still safer here , even if the police stopped reporting murders as suicides .
here he is singing over the rainbow .
next you 're going to tell me that wolverine was not in japan during the dropping of the abomb and that nic cage is not a national treasure
lmao
i know what " eating pudding " means and i 'm not even gay . edit " pudding cup " is prison lingo for asshole
according to wikipedia : for the 1987 88 8 9 tour , the band added testicles to the pig . david gilmour has said this was an attempt to get around roger waters having the image rights for the pig . that made it a new kind of pig .
also the reason it 's " orange " instead of " narang " is because people would hear " an orange " when someone said " a narang " until it got stuck that way .
that does n't in any way mean he could act upon and use all of those assets or sell that land .
amateur .
tomorrow , will you have ever been to france ? or : surrender much ?
great use of the scottish spca as well .
" do you feel better or do i have to keep beating you with my bad hand ? "
yes , it 's not on earth .
used to always be my go to breakfast in the fall with some toast and butter . my favorite location near me closed
well , i do n't imagine anyone but the tolkien estate has a legitimate claim to control over a language ...
any 3d movie with jim parson is just guaranteed bad .
in ww2 japan produced millions and millions of pill form methamphetamine . it was called philopon ( love work in latin ) and after the war there were millions of addicts !
too edgy to coexist
i dunno , you got free chocolate , that seems nice .
so what you are saying is that the only chance i have of banging a 17 year old when i 'm 39 is if i have my own sitcom .
how high 's the pancreas mama ?
nowdays i dread this store as much as any other store and generally just let my so to buy her own god damned underwear
i think it 's about the use of competition in a hiring process .
they could n't pronounce it so they called him fez .
3 sentences is like 17 words too many
is " would touch that with a ten foot pole " a typo , or the new " could care less " ?
marry a daughter off to them , then send them to the front lines to fight for you . if they survive , they earn merit and get promoted . if they die , they die .
i love them
followed by a brew ( cup of tea ) .
in cannibal ! the musical , trey 's horse , who also betrays him for a bunch of stinking trappers , is named lianne . trey 's film credit lists him as " juan schwartz " .
fun fact : 91 of nauru 's population is overweight and 71 is obese
pennsylvania is like the north 's south .
so if we send eric clapton and dennis rodman in , then world war iii is averted right ?
oh my god . the weekly world news has a website ! ? how did i not think about this before . i was just saying to my wife that i miss seeing them on the rack at the checkout counter .
i tried to warn everybody but no one takes me cereal !
why ? how do you eat it ? with your hands ? !
tldr cooked by hawaiians ( burial ritual )
it 's like tossing a man outta huge cavernous cavern !
kill 40 ? oooohhh we thought you said leave 40 . woops .
i knew this . i feel smart .
i 've been there and touched it . it 's a completely different color where people have touched for years
what does she mean by " comments ? " out and out misogyny or opposition to what the author of the article is saying ? creationists also elicit controversy with the things they say . does this mean creationism is justified ?
there was definitely a foul .
til that one time fire had a new meaning .
i know it was getting a little bit elderly by that stage , but even then it was a really big doh by the pirates .
why did they yell at him ?
i 'm pretty sure multiple people independently invented this tactic .
all i can think about is the pepto bismol scene from rat race
is this the longest successful kick by a rookie ?
horsepoop . palmer 's was more intimate whereas hers was a big production .
germany was fine with letting japan take control of the pacific as long as germany could have the west . germany would have probably preferred to take the americas and leave japan out , but who knows what alternate history could have been .
in iraq we used rock music .
iirc it 's like alcoholic porridge . the ta for my ancient near eastern archaeology class in undergrad made some and invited any student over 21 to their prof 's office to try it . from what people told me it was n't that great .
why would having a certain insurance policy make you more sue able ? i understand that the policy gives them deeper pockets and thus makes them a target , , but could they be sued if they did n't have the policy and just be forced to bankrupt ? something does n't seem right here .
oi , gif a badger some dandelion cordial , wooodja ' matthias ?
oh i do n't know . he seems like a pretty run of the mill top scorer to me .
if a bear is hungry , he 'll eat .
i have a test about this tomorrow , haha . yes , also people who live in cities are more likely to develop many mental conditions such as generalised anxiety disorder !
or get priests to sanctify local water supply acround the world . baptise everyone every time they shower .
actually 8 kills and 0 deaths is infinite kd .
like that evil turtle from family guy .
oh ... my god . how did i not know this existed . that was so painful .
blackwater did the same thing after commiting many atrocities and quite possibly war crimes while overseas .
where i live there are places that still will n't sell to you unless you 're a contractor . what is this ? 1940 ? i need a box a terracotta tiles , you do n't want my money ?
blue cheese with wings or the get the fuck outta here . you savages .
i mean good for her but that 's weird as hell .
how much do we need to do to slow it down so we have like 4 more hours a day ?
yep .
pretty sure even hitler said , food and water should be a nation provided service to the people free of charge , he even whent as far as offering free education . so you could literally say this cunts worse than hitler in that aspect .
one of the loading screen tips reminds you that you need to eat . when that popped up i sat there for a few minutes trying to remember if i 'd stopped playing long enough to have a meal ( or even a snack ) . if i recall the answer was no .
it 's really kind of sad that this is a novelty .
i do n't know if there 's any azerbadian clubs in the cl , so israel might be the furthest .
direct link to picture of these things
it 's fitting that a government and society based on the roman empire would fall the same way that rome did .
do n't you mean hardy , christian nails ? you mentioned jew nails and lost me .
not until december
so ... try harder or die .
wait ' til you hear the shock news of the pope 's religion ! or , after the 11:00 news , what bears do in woods
yeeee . in the vernacular , " open season " for law enforcement .
saw shatner at a convention one time , he was a very good speaker , very funny .
so , the soviets hit the capitalists exactly where it hurts in lieu of some coins ? i 'm not sure how to feel about this .
j . h . kellogg was played to perfection by anthony hopkins in " the road to wellville " .
no cause then they 'd become mindflares .
" mucho gusto , me llamo bradley " is how i first learned to speak spanish . had no idea what i was saying . now i know to stay away from girls named mexi .
crushing crackers in soup is so ... uncivilized . i use oyster crackers !
right ? ? people talk shit about him because he confronted the danger instead of running away from it ... scrappy taught me confidence .
my heart thinks those people were silly to believe that .
i thought it was about living as a closeted gay man . " i 'm not the man i think i am at home . no no no no . i 'm a rocket man . " he 's " burning up my fuse out here alone " because he can n't find another man to connect with .
i made a sweet diorama in the 6th grade about 451 it had a little pile of books made of clay , with a little light bulb in the center covered with orange tissue paper . and a little guy roasting marshmallows . a book beside him turned the light on when you closed it .
topsy !
yeahhh , i guess the comments are turned off for this one . jesus fucking christ
over 1,000 feet . great slave lake in canada is even deeper i believe .
like in invader zim ?
na , that 's probably not it , he would have had to give a shit about someone else to regret that .
upvoted for " hanged " and not " hung "
if you 're struggling with suicidal thoughts , just hang in there , it will all be over soon
r therewasanattempt
testify ! that movie was downright amazing , and i can n't imagine anyone else who could play that role better .
this guy 's horse fucks .
and that 's how you do it too . like nothing ever happened .
such a great album and massive transitional change to take minestry to an even harder level . i love them and did not know this .
it 's an angsty " satire "
elephants seem to use extremely low frequencies to communicate across vast distants to instruct and arrange migrations to certain locations
this is the difference __url__
michael c . hall is definitely hot .
amazon would like a word .
best known for his rhetorical elbow .
definitely . plus it 's really short .
why do we need rivers when there is money to be made ?
having come to the us from a country without dippable foodstuffs , i credit seinfeld with saving me from many an embarassing socioculinary faux pas .
no one uses decimeters ?
i hope they return earth as a hummingbird one day , it would be cool to live on a giant hummingbird .
enjoy manchester united away you cunts .
i would n't
should 've held out for ds9 .
there 's a lot of different ways to respond to this , but let me just go with this : choosing not to take a vaccine for yourself is very different from spreading false information that vaccines are full of poisons and caused your child 's autism .
the great pyramid is awe strucking when you think about it . it 's over 4500 years ! and at 118 m ( 445 ft ) it was the tallest structure in the world for 3800 years !
well we had a chance with ebola but nooooo everyone had to quarantine that shit .
just about every besieging army used that tactic . the city would respond by getting rid of their dead in a similar manner . that was war .
designated monkey fucking streets
wait . i think i 've seen this picture before . looks at username ohh . yeah that makes sense .
especially if they 're dead .
dang , that was lucky . doggone near lost a 400 hand car .
intentions do n't make it better .
ahh ... the old reddit spunk a roo !
the chinese , perhaps even more than americans , have super duper amnesia when it comes to their own history . every year i show my chinese students the picture of the guy standing in front of the tanks with his shopping bags , and i would say less than 5 know what it is .
also , people and children die .
the edison of science . just ask hooke and leibnitz .
we do a double blind study every year in my class where we compare the results of reading the published horoscope from today 's paper to the wrong sign 's horoscope from a different paper . in over 20 years of trials it has never shown a significant difference once .
yea , if you travel abroad a lot , it takes a little getting used to ...
it 's honestly pretty depressing that people do n't know this . this should be common knowledge .
first thing i thought of
yeah but he also dated lindsay lohan for awhile and you deduct points for that .
should 've changed their name to pat .
thermi nuclear reactor ?
so blue man group had vitiligo ? seriously , this is pretty interesting .
eder has 3 goals for portugal , 2 were in friendlies .
... because an all seeing , all knowing god can be duped like that .
when i read that book i thought about what would be inside my room . roaches . definitely roaches .
my family emigrated to london as a result of the famine .
i see you everywhere
17 fem please explain .
i do n't think they understand friendships , no , but they do recognize that they enjoy playing and spending time with that particular person child .
it was confusing the first time i visited slc , but once i figured it out , i started wishing other cities were this way , also slc downtown is the least congested large city downtown i 've ever been to .
not even close to accurate . thanks for playing though .
but but duck mammories with duck nipples . and duck masturbation
i actually like the moon ' trap ' door than it just being a door on the side . should have kept the eyrie being on top of a super steep mountain though .
and now they sell effeminate clothing to douchebags . the times they are a changin
seriouslee ? ?
i signed my sister up on the waiting list . the letter she got said her number 150,000 . it said her average wait time was 80 years . that was 2 years ago .
til that i spent most of my school years living like an alcatraz inmate .
in space , no one can hear you jerk .
i do n't think i had ever signed before living in the us for a few months , my first card was chip and pin 8 years ago . while i was there i had a usd card with a chip on it but the only place that really used the chip in their machines was the grocery store .
it still makes me sad that they demonized nuclear energy in the show .
no , no , you have it backwards . change the names from game of thrones to be harry potter characters , and release it as a potter sequel .
the soviet army lost approximately three times as many men in this one battle than the us lost in all of wwii .
if they had any honour they would kill themselves
as a child , simpson developed rickets and wore braces on his legs until the age of five , giving him his bowlegged stance .
keep in mind that the rms olympic was still had actually weaponry aboard the ship , ramming the u boat was just one of the options . nbsp also , they did n't stop to pick up survivors . a us ship did that later on . brits were fucking savage .
i love this song ! __url__ __url__
somehow that wordplay was completely lost on me until just now . i just thought it was a generic threat hahaha
for those not in the know , phil tippet was the original dinosaur supervisor good job phil .
is it easier to name all of the illinois governors that have n't gone to jail ?
big yellow joint
they look nice and innocent but they are really freaks , and not in the fun way .
weird i 've heard seth rogan say during a howard stern interview that the idea for pineapple express came from seth and a friend being super stoned and saying ' okay , what would happen if someone were trying to kill us right now . '
arizona iced tea is n't on that graphic so i 'm good
arab speaking christians refer to god as allah . it simply means " god " .
could n't , she weighed more than a duck
you did n't describe the different flavors you lose style points for that , op .
how do we know this is n't some kind of ho axe ?
it 's honestly hopefully dying out . everyone on the outside pretty much knows now that they 're insane . the only people that actually believe it are the ones on the inside , and their kids that they brainwash .
enough is enough robbie
i would take teenagers over my toddlers any day of the week .
seems he had a knack for ensuring his predecessors were out of the picture ... dun dun duuuuun ...
beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep
i 'd like to think strategically placed banana peels were vital to this operation 's success !
" oh that was brilliant : ' the closer you get , the more massive you become ... to infinity ! ' and they bought it ! silly humans . "
i thought it was dolphins and plastic balls
poor guy could n't catch a break .
and then when they introduced steel helmets the number of troops in field hospitals with head injuries went up and there were calls to get rid of the helmets .
i wonder if windows like this being common is the reason air conditioning is less common in europe .
so pokemon go fest in chicago was n't that bad in the end ... s
debate deluge of stupidity in fact .
so a lake
you sound like an antidentite .
imagine you 're relaxin on the toilet , and a cockroach the size of your fist , crawls up inside of ya . they can n't turn , so it just keeps crawlin its way up in there ...
robin williams should have made a monkey movie .
and then everybody dies in a fire
" treat every gun as if it is loaded "
stop resisting .
the force can have a strong influence over the weak minded .
i refuse to take down my ted danson poster , as it is an important part of my heritage .
as a government , i agree
that explains the prestige .
look , one of ours , out of the main hold !
squid are apparently even more smart compared to an octopus .
even evil men can do good things .
vaginal intercourse is a high risk transmission route with the female having a greater risk of infection . according to the aidsmap , worldwide the majority of new hiv infections are unprotected penile vaginal intercourse .
throws them into the sun
thought you just typed random shit until i read that lmao .
since all that is in the link of the op is what is in the title , i 'm going to link the sources from the wiki page . __url__ __url__
what 's wrong with you ?
speaking of diogenes shitposting , there 's a whole site dedicated to shitposting inspired by diogenes . very minimalist
we also can thank him for one of the best wonders in civ .
i do n't know what my credit card limit is at but my debit is 200 for tap . i know i can change the limit if i wanted .
and hans zimmer is in the music video . starting at 2:51 .
reminds me of the church of trek from futurama .
beijing also mass killed all the stray animals .
not really a big deal , 90 of rock guitar players can n't read music .
they love it
fallon also wasnt bad in that . michael caine wasnt that good but dr phil was fantastic but spacey was just riddiculous
the first time i flew out of here i made the mistake of arriving an hour before my flight ( like i usually do in my hometown ) . there was lots of running
it 's what vaginas crave .
pack it up guys , this guy won .
how long of a song ? ? ?
anyone who did n't is a pussy .
adding czech republic to one of the countries i 'd like to visit
i thought the second movie was called shit floats . maybe i 'm confused .
his own team was experienced in handling a drunk boris , and he evaded them as well .
thats what happens when a religion dies , it becomes mythology .
step on no pets
they probably just ate some raccoon meat .
that 's pretty brutal 3 :)
no , spam was around long before python and the www was nonexistent
i think it 's hilarious that you copypasted m ller correctly but made it completely awkward with the .
right ? who likes having money to buy food ?
a lot of farmers lost their farms during his presidency . he possibly would have also even if he was managing it . this is n't meant to be funny or snarky . it 's quite true . his economic policies were awful .
i just wanna know if the drowning thing is true since everything else is a bit misleading .
how bout i do anyway
do n't look at me like i 'm frickin frankenstein
this is why we need a waiting period before a tarsier can purchase a firearm . do they usually leave a note ? maybe it 's just a bid for attention .
" is this a communist county or something ? ! no this is america ! "
i learned this from aziz ansari
i wish somebody had told me this as a kid . i had a john mulaney esque fear that salmonella would be haunting my footsteps through the dairy isle for the entirety of my adult life . nobody tells you to watch out for the looming hereditary bi polar disorder and alcoholism .
not for much longer !
magic beans miracle legumes
__url__
are you me
i 'm pretty sure his dad drank and abused him and the rest of his family , so i can see where he 'd think drinking in front of kids was n't a good look .
alle menschen werden br der
it 's crazy what we put our bodies through .
australians wish all our other prime ministers were more like him .
between this and knowing what it sounds like when doves cry , i 'm really starting to feel like dr . dolittle .
yes . michael scott is a perfect example . he was promoted to manager because he was good at sales , not because he was good at managing .
separation of church and state . they knew about this way back when . sad to see such blatant disregard .
they still can n't hear the car though
ran ran ruuuuu
i was n't fucking the goat , i was masturbating with it ! ! !
pretty sure the guy that played robocop is an archaeologist . somebody should do a til or whatever .
yeah . i 've had lsd that was very weak before ( hilariously it was brown microdot .. but in the 90s ) but my guess is that you did n't actually do lsd . there are a lot of variants out there .
i mean damn , you can become a u . s citizen for taking a test and live there for 5 years .
imo , of all the city i have visited , only rome surpass paris .
my guess is it was n't a comedy with midler . always loved that movie . it was something i could watch with my grandparents
imagine how furious he was
hms daring
i just avoid it altogether and have real butter on homemade popcorn . paper lunch bag 1 4 c popcorn , fold top a couple times , nuke it for a couple minutes or so . zap a little butter separately to pour on top of it .
" attacking the devil " is a really good documentary about thalidomide in the uk .
? ? ? the show was loved when it was actively airing , what do you mean it was underappreciated lol
by that measure god would also make some people monumentally stupid as well ...
i love the rocking chair , i just wish there was a way to keep it rocking without my feet on the floor .
a mistake .
this guy does n't know how to use the 3 shells .
that lawyers name ? james morgan " jimmy " mcgill
they beat the living genius into him
must have had bone spurs .
can n't wait for cockroach trump !
yeah , how dare someone point out that they pay a lot of money for a subpar service when there are children in africa eating dirt for dinner .
be careful . do n't want to piss off the scientologists . and i 'm not even kidding .
sometimes i forget that i 'm older than the current german state , and that feels weird to think about .
i mean ... it 's only 2 paragraphs , why do n't you read it and answer your question ?
that 's what i tell everyone who tells me i have a problem
sean bean death scene compilation . ( one of many ) __url__
put a picture of broccoli on the poison .
did you add this when they started driving or another age ? i have a 4 yr old so i hopefully will n't need it for some time but it 's not a bad idea .
was it the one with kylo ren ? that one is my favorite !
as a casual pleb and a father of a 2 year old , i agree
some tedx talks are garbage , even a skater did one , i mean skating is awesome , but is not a ted worthy subject .
nsfw link for the curious
__url__
" northern michigan " not even north of cadillac
begun , the tory wars has .
the ship was n't the only thing that was going down !
r wordavalanches
you just won .
1p lsd is legal in many places and you can get a known dose reliably
this does n't take into account possible currents though .
how many of those did garrincha deserve ?
i wonder if produce might be even older ... probably no .
wow , this is going to be fantastically retarded . :(
you can always tell a harvard man but you can n't tell him much .
is this a forest gump reference ?
he was n't circumnavigating the globe necessarily though . he had to stop off and check on his pearl , and get the electricity for his sub . it was quite novel at the time to use electricity as a fuel .
he also told everyone his wife died ( she did n't ) and when asked why everyone still sees her walking about to and from his house , he said that it was " her ghost " . this fucker .
adaptation , weatherman , family man , all great
like someone who might want to become an architect .
most people just say tarp
seriously , intro course teach you about this
when i was a kid one of the first tree house episodes scared the crap out of me it was the one with the house that bleeds and was talking i think .
i feel like la is a bit of a lodestone for crazy , and crazy people tend to be poor .
oh , so now you want to take a literal story and pick and choose what 's metaphorical . the story is literal or metaphorical . if it 's literal , then god did not know where adam was , so it 's all bullshit . if it 's metaphorical , then none of it happened and it 's all bullshit .
the world does n't really allow for previous past times now .
2 women ? so what were the other 6 lazy cunts doing that day ?
the extent of my knowledge of chinese history is that the mongolians probably had something to do with it .
humans are cunts eh
you can outlaw a religion ? if so , can we add a few others to this list ?
this is too realistic . i 'm graduated now . i 'm not supposed to feel these feelings again !
__url__
save us , alex smith . you 're our only hope .
still the best president ever !
a very slow detox with metric asstons of valium . at this point their brains are so adpated to alcohol that removing it would kill the person .
probably because history never thought to record the " epic accomplishment " of not being a meat phonograph .
they 'd probably kill you eventually .
as one does
this is what happened with me , i love it as a 25 year old .
i 'm afraid you 'd be wrong in that cringe . an internet meme is every bit a " meme " as wearing pants is . they become a discrete unit of cultural awareness , shared and spread throughout public awareness .
reminds me of the snl skit . will ferrell plays ted and he goes to his college reunion . good stuff . __url__
who knew the endless diy and house swappers to follow . today it 's youtube and r diy . no more trade secrets and people still hire out builders and contractors .
bill braskie ! ! helluva guy .
" i turn the corner , all ready to die for my country , and whadda ya know i just missed them ! "
i 'd like to note that alongside this , william shatner is apparently the sort of guy to pass a kidney stone , look at it , and think " i wonder how much i can get for that ? "
oh well damn i guess that heywaitaminute
ivanka
hey garage sales are awash with those because people are pussies and dont want to drink the nasty good stuff . the nutri bullet is a great product
he does play christopher walken very well . he really nailed that character .
jack black ?
ok , abed .
sorry , on reddit the downvote button get 's used a lot .
" pudding "
it was about the coolest and the saddest thing that i saw happen in a baseball game . poor randy .
everybody gets one
there 's always free cheddar in the mousetrap baby , it 's a deal ! it 's a deal !
not to be confused with the human centipede
well played
i 'm an immigrant and the difference i notice is the variety of countries represented . canada accepts 300k immigrants per year while the u . s . , with a population 10x as large , accepts only 675k . so the percentage of the population coming from elsewhere is larger here .
28,000 is nothing . i have more than that saved up in investments and cash right now but i know that if i started a company with that money today i 'd lose it all .
this dude explains herzog 's storytelling , even in a documentary fashion . specifically the scene you posted . __url__
i used to think this just meant that people are more likely to repeat history if they do n't learn from it . but as i grow older , i 've realized that you 're not simply more likely to repeat history , you will indeed repeat history , if you do n't learn from it .
memes need tending . tend to your memes .
i like your interpretation better
well he is technically president of both china and the island of formosa . china wont see that island as a independent country . xi jinpin is the leader of both according to china . rest of the world mostly agrees with that .
which episode ?
she dated that ducksauce streamer for a while .
i had the pleasure of catching one of their shows in anaheim last month . i was thoroughly impressed ... lots of talent .
ferrari 1 2 it is .
their talons are no joke .
in case you 're not kidding , in finance circles mm is often used to abbreviate million . no idea why , but it 's a thing .
that would apply to government , read non elected , jobs as well
and it looks it . this shit is n't art , never was . fools and their money .
" lafitte organized galveston into a pirate " kingdom " he called " campeche " , anointing himself the island 's " head of government . " " i 'm not going to be a pirate . i 'm going to be a pirate king . " sterling archer .
" in my head " ...
you should be a lawyer
drivers , cars , fuel , bodyguards all cost money . he did n't get rich by spending it .
i am electing to accept this as true .
sigmund 's brain must have been fried after talking for that length of time
everyone wants to solve the overpopulation problem , very few want to die .
fianc es mom got us one for my birthday . it 's pretty good but i do n't like it for cooking steaks :
do you think that maybe it 's because our laws were already better than what was written into that treaty ? because that 's probably exactly the case .
i 've had my manhood called snuffleupagus due to it having a trunk and noone having seen it .
1999 , caesar 3 . i remember editing the ini to change it that the delete command would give me like 1000 gold instead of cost 5 gold . good times .
lsd has been used to combat mental illness for a long time . it can also help cure alcohol addiction . so he could very well have not been as successful had he passed . some afflictions can n't be seen .
it 's great , but dear lord was the trailer misleading . i went in expecting a comedy . i was ... surprised at what i ended up watching . __url__
i was like , windows 95 ? no way , that song has not been out that long .. ... fuck i 'm old .
the danger is real
a gogocongocongoer you mean
meatloaf !
ooh la la , some ones gonna get laid in college
you can n't over die , you can n't over dry .
basically , cortana of the 90 ' s .
patton said that when the allies got people who could make the phones , trains , power plants and water systems run in liberated areas as well as the nazis could , then he 'd get rid of the nazis .
my favourite scotch , gotta love laphroaig 3
but does he lift ?
yeah but dolphins ...
spanish title is , peculiarly enough , not open to ambiguity , as the english one seems to be : veinte mil leguas de viaje submarino .
ooh , i want to do this with fanfiction . sonicxamy slashfics but with day of the triffids characters !
it 's great , but dealing with all the dead clones quickly becomes a chore .
nah thats the earwig . my mom munched one in her coffee once and thought it was a coffee bean when ppl started freaking out .
that 's nothing . one of those bastards hot wired my car and seduced my girlfriend .
engineers , they are like scientists . except dumber and responsible for your safety .
makes me wonder how people realized they could shoot something to orbit . did someone shoot an icbm and suddenly realze " oh , it 's not coming down anymore " ?
which scientific development is that ? is n't the point that the cat in a box theory was more like your drunk uncle asking what you 'd do if everyone else jumped off a bridge ? jesus christ , schr dinger changed the world sarcastically .
is it ? i 've been living here my whole life and i 've never heard anyone say it . unless they say it in an english accent
well it 's because some of them are weird ... i see people regularly pick dandelions alongside famous dog piss and shit paths but for some reason they do n't care ...
i finished
i 'm a huge fan of both , but i did n't get into seinfeld until the second time around . the first couple episodes are n't the best , but it 's all uphill after that .
kramer : what are we going to do tonight , newman ? newman : the same thing we do every night , kramer : try to take over the world . door opens jerry : . hey , did you drink all my mil newman !
was he watching the football ?
hmm ... it 's almost like there was a concerted effort by someone ( big oil ! ) to make nuclear look bad .
the early 20th century . where physicists thought science was almost done . how massively wrong they where
slavery may have not been why some confederates fought , but it was the entire reason the south existed . look up the cornerstone speech by the vice president of the csa , lays it out pretty clear .
the current best selling album in australia is meatloaf 's bat out of hell , followed closely by farnsey .
maybe some small island nations .
you are now a grand poobah dedoink of all of this and that , congratulations !
slept with or made her ?
remember my meeting with stan lee years ago . i was young and my english skills were basically non existing . i had brought a present for his wife , gave it to him and said : " this is for your women . " he laughed and said : " there 's only one , and that 's my wife . "
seriously , if you can spot a difference . 1 out .
and my mom keeps telling me it 's weird ... what 's ironic is she 's the one that gave me a greek name
if a recording is made but there 's no way to hear it at the time , does it make a sound ?
fun fact , cinco de mayo happened in 1862 , there 's a theory that states the the french were bringing supplies to the confederate army thru mexico , the natives stopped the stinking french in puebla , thus the supply line was affected for the rebels .
it is absolutely essential in legal writing .
it 's not a sport , it 's a religion .
taught .
that whiney little brat ! i was always waiting for grandma to paddle him .
40 of all the meteorites that have ever hit the earth ?
i 'm good . thanks anyway
whenever i do something awesome i 'd love to hear the opening to land down under blasting out of nowhere
you know bears like to blow each other . there 's a pair in some zoo that the little bear blew the other like 24 times in one day or some shit .
ayyy lmaoo
at that point in the war they had run out of experienced pilots , literally .
looks like someone egged their car , too .
ice knives ?
yes , but something like integration by parts or partial fractions would be much more impressive . i think that 's what they 're talking about .
anyone care to explain how raw eggs and whiskey changes a person 's voice ?
i actually have not used siri . i assumed jobs would n't be caught dead ( pun intended ? ) using google .
sorry could you say that again without so much technical jargon ?
i wish i was taught patterns . not one single event in history or one cov . but instead patterns and which civs did them
expected sabaton ! let 's make this a thing .
soo , you the call would auto connect and you could just eavesdrop ?
i 'm still waiting to hear you say " thank you healthcare for being prohibitively expensive ! "
i heard one time otto snuck out at night and stole a police cruiser , bought a case of nati light , and crashed a sorority party .
to put it in perspective , i 've been using tap to pay with my chipped mastercard debit card since early 2013 in moscow , russia . that 's right america , the giant country with an economy the size of texas had tap to pay years before apple " revolutionized " payments in the us .
citation needed
he was n't wrong . she won her oscar for it
worried about your smell ? buy the smoke and smell pack to have a a group of natives follow you with incense to hide your stink .
noone is :(
he was sucking their life force into that excellent mustache .
there are more asshole people than dogs . no dog ever stole my wallet on the train .
former gobo dev . ama .
fuck that dude . why is he still in the news at all .
you can n't talk about good stop motion in movies and not mention one of the all time greats
he 's referencing tiananmen square massacre .
the rock was pretty awesome . i mean , as much as people joke about how terrible cage is , we all know they secretly are in love with at least one of his movies .
so silphium was also named laser . i am so mad the romans made it extinct , because if it survived today we could have a rocket and laser salad .
what an unnecessarily difficult way to learn the language , if what i 'm reading from the wikipedia page is correct . so he just sounded out the words and did n't know what he was saying ?
the white buffalo 's version for sons of anarchy is amazing . __url__
yeah , except he did n't win 60 of the votes . or even half , for that matter ...
fun fact : rus literally means intoxication in swedish . so from our standpoint name and decision make sense .
username checks out
they were a bit too much .
yugioh would be a whole different game
they sure can polish off drinks over there .
funny thing is , according to them , they are n't a duo called " hall oates " . they 've never been " hall oates " . they hate " hall oates " . it 's always been daryl hall and john oates .
ew wtf danny ?
next year easter will fall on april 1th by the way .
the not coughing is simply a side effect from unhinging your peripheral and central nervous systems from each other , aka disassociating them from each other
i considered that the whole experiment can n't exist unless someone builds a platform for running on at the center of gravity . but a robot could probably do that so as not to unnecessarily risk human life .
they bullied him so much that he went to mars just to escape them
i 'm 29 and have never learned to drive ...
interesting they include chicago 's pedway . do all arcology models smell constantly of stale urine , then ?
wew , did it get really hot in here all of a sudden ?
for redwall !
i came out of lurk mode just for this .
gutsy quote . you 're a shark . sharks are winners , and they do n't look back because they have no necks .
in english the word " collaborator " is used very carefully .
can we be friends ? :d
that 's what it takes to inspire springfield 's 1 beer brand .
" lesbianus , you defecate and you write , hello , everyone ! " hah , not only were they shitposters , but they also called each other out on shitposting as well !
at least she did n't have an immaculate misconception .
it 's more like dry wet humping an eel really .
he was a member , but the fact that he publicly renounced his previous allegiance , as well as voting in against what the klan stood for , would point to the direction that he has repented and wished to make amends .
or as he 's better known , eminem .
i was just on my way to see it you dick .
i guarantee there are historical records about that if you really want to know .
no , you call shenanigans here bamboozling is a mot du jour here on reddit , stop throwing it around just to feel included
trying to build up your shoulders , chest , arms , and ... legs ? such an effort .
til reddit hates noah , but likes warcraft and power rangers
bro , there are literally millions of strays and feral dogs and cats out there in bum fuck nowhere usa . the fuck do you want them to do when they have no more room for un adoptable animals ?
simpson s said it best
citation needed .
with tools , though
no , not anymore .
ok , i 've seen enough for one day .
can someone explain in simple terms what the madoff ponzi scheme was ?
no , that 's the ivory
so did i lol
good guy scientist shares chicken nuggets with everyone .
was just reading this in fact , interesting piece on how alonso could 've won in 2012 : __url__ tl d r if he 'd stayed out one more lap before his final stop .
i heard some one on npr to day say the only reasonable way to prevent this type of mass shooting is to repeal the 2nd amendment . which i fully support
300 years ago he knew that suction did n't suck and we still use the term today to describe delta p .
angeblich triggert cutter der begriff " cutter " ganz ordentlich .
you 're an idiot .
apparently he was a practitioner of sylvester graham , inventor or the graham cracker , who also believed that diet masturbation lead to blindness and an early death .
for those wondering how the letters translate my best guess is edw r angl dns hyb edward rex angland dominus hybernia edit : angliae and hyberniae edward king england lord ireland angland as in angles and saxons , hybernia hibernia being an ancient name for ireland
" let 's bundle four different ideologies together to make the super category look huge . "
i feel like you 're just adlibbing at this point .
i normally tell my wife that most inventions ideas appear because someone needed wanted something he couldn t find in the world market . this is another great example .
not a submarine . although he did unload explosives into the sea attempting to hit an enemy submarine that he believed was there . there was no evidence of this , and the readings he probably misinterpreted were likely fish or rocks .
they still use those i 'm pretty sure . it 's the only way to log into skype
lol i 'm just picturing a stumbling drunk dude surrounded by serious people in suits n sunglasses n shit . man he 'd could talk shit to anyone in a bar and get away with it .
as the recipient of a kidney transplant ( thanks mike ! ) i can only say i will kill you all in your sleep ! evil kidneys rule !
penn and teller beat you to it .
glory is eternal
yeah i marathoned a while ago and he was pretty ok . but am emmy for that performance is hilarious 118 110 bruce willis
beaver should not be reserved to being eaten only on one day . beaver should be eaten as often as possible . hell , maybe even multiple times a say !
citation needed .
no more so than bc 's own homo milk
i did n't read the article , but would it be hard to have inmate pedal on a generator that hooks up to a power grid ? that way if your feeding them you can at least harness their energy ?
__url__
wow , it 's been like 20,000 leagues since i last saw this sketch .
what about a muffin ? you know a muffin can be very filling .
and yet we remember lincoln fondly .
well , politicians have been doing it since day one . it 's usually called being full of shit .
who do you call when you want some pepperoni ?
it was also the first movie to have an audible fart
as someone who only comes here twice a week , and really only goes to the first two pages there are some posts i miss . i 've seen this one a few times , but there are a few i miss that everyone calls out for being a steve buscemi firefighter .
it 's almost as if he was n't the genius people make him out to be !
women are from venus , lawyers are from uranus .
unless " the way " is through somebody else 's backyard
here 's an interesting video on the topic from sam o'nella academy .
rick and morty rap god
swift was a true visionary
til . it never even crossed my mind to try .
because they eat babies and put curses on everyone . clearly they are n't moral enough to lead god 's country ... s
what ?
yeah but just think how much we saved on baby back ribs .
i am seriously shocked and appalled . that is just disturbing .
holy smokes ... i remember that old post .
til the term one but all .
i have a 2000 porsche boxster . porsche people do n't consider my boxster a real porsche , so i love telling late model carrera owners they have a nice volkswagen never gets old .
well , eventually sure .
hell hath no fury like a woman imprisoned in a concentration camp .
this was for established alcoholics who would otherwise go into dts , seeing elephants and other shit .
nope . young einstein .
and to never stop short
actually they just need a haushundlenkberechtigung and need to sign up for the verkehrszentralregister . there 's a lot of paperwork involved , so most people do n't bother .
there 's some area in canada ( ? ) with the motto " the land of rape and honey " .
i think he bought a house in an area with a shorter waiting list , too .
people can also commit suicide at any time , rendering themselves lifeless . currently , i see no advantage in that condition .
haha , nice burn
does anyone know what defines a player as " captain " ?
that would make the best episode of fightin ' around the world .
we missed out . simple as that .
i want to see him go up against wade boggs
they will fly spaceship dc 10 ' s into volcanos and detonate nukes to ensure tortured soul pieces do n't attack them .
electric catfish sounds like a good name for a band . perhaps bluegrass .
the only time i 've ever seen " o " used as a variable . xp
learned this tonight on ken burns vietnam war documentary . highly recommended . some great content about race relations in vietnam as well .
__url__
38 here ! does anyone remember the classic ' river raid ' my god that was a game ! ! __url__
anal is overrated . it 's a real pain in the ass to convince the woman to do it .
he purchased caged birds and released them because he was studying how birds fly and sketching every detail of it
shit man , everyone 's thin skinned 1800 years ago
prettayyyy prettayyyy prettayyy pretty good . pretty good .
translation . you hate the west and blame all ill upon them
differentiate
i must set a reminder not to get a mermaid tattoo
way to live up to your namesake , little rover dude !
had a similar , though not quite as dramatic experience . bad trip got me to stop being a lazy stoner and move on with my life .
interactive guide to mres around the world .
and by 2020 , regular forces levels are planned to be about : army 82,000 , royal navy 30,000 , royal air force 33,000 . :
" you know they would n't let mammy go to the premiere ? but everybody comes back . she came back as oprah winfrey to get her money . "
there 's a lobby behind every food ?
homeowners insurance includes personal liability up to 500k then the umbrella policy sits above it . typically 1 million dollar mark .
give a population that probably has n't had processed , high sugar food an immediate supply ? sounds like a dirty way to win over a population . did n't the british use a similar tactic on the chinese ?
but we and the bear both have the right to bear arms .
noooo not eddie ... :( his actual name was moose and he was so cute
brittle , though . those blades often chipped off in battle , and i 'd definitely rather have a steel sword . i would not want to get hacked with these things , though .
she really did n't " fend off " anyone . more like freaked out and screamed . she had the bull whip in her hand at the time . source : i used to be a good friend of hers .
why you little ... !
but their consoles were n't bad the dreamcast was amazing .
when you pass them , turn on your windshield wiper fluid and spray ' em with the soap . that 's what i do .
i loved altering the codes by a single character and seeing mario in a rectangle of rapidly cycling colored squares , rather than a tanooki suit .
if you ever go on a long vacation in a distant town and you get bored , apply for a job at a local department store . on your first shift , let the venom flow and get it out of your system . get fired and resume drinking pi a coladas . go home and pretend it never happened .
yeah , but that 's only 2 and a bit in human votes .
r hailcorporate ( do nbsp i nbsp really nbsp need nbsp an nbsp s )
thats not what my new brick driveway says ! edit : ok i get it i didnt use the right sands and stones under the brick and my home is now worthless !
which turns out is actually at the heart of the massive obesity crisis .
til what a vole was
her old man was a mobster was n't he ?
eventually everything combines to form pangea . takes about 6,000 years though .
i learned how to make pizzelles perfectly crispy by leaving them in the pizzelle iron for 2 hail marys and an our father . works every time !
do n't the yakuza infiltrate like .. everything ? i thought they were encouraged to all have day jobs and such . seems odd that they didnt have anyone to tip them off on shipments . unless that 's just a bunch of hooey and i 'm pulling facts out of my ass again .
so did prince
" a message from your friendly neighbourhood drug dealer on the corner . "
ok guys i think we broke dee ...
or if you 're canadian hop on over to r canadapolitics where the points do n't matter and everything is made up __url__
my fucking sides
r childfree
not enough weight in puns
he did well for himself for a while may have even minted coins with his face on them . and " tips " also included just giving him some decent food while performing . __url__
i mean its the same god
this is like high school history stuff , or it was anyway .
my bro sent me pics when his ship was running exercises with the italian fleet and by god i laughed hard at the thought of a random attack happening and the enemy just sees a bunch of dudes in dresses and guns floating at sea
i had the exact same one , thank you for bringing them back to me !
how old are you , if you do n't mind my asking ? i 'm just curious as to whether it 's a generational gap or more regional . either way , though , if you even google " spunk " the first result is it 's definition as a vulgar term for semen .
now we know what they did all that time down in the bunker .
to this day i carry tapatio in my backpack .
you just reminded me that my older sister is going to die someday ... :( brb need to call her
oh sweet thanks here you g ... wait a minute
lol i bet those whip marks stayed for a week too . that is not a fake whip .
this is the most mind blowing thing i have ever seen on til . well done ! and not a repost ( not discussed for over a year , and only twice total at that ) . double well done ! this is now going into my encyclopedia of useless bar facts .
what was in season 4 ? surprise motherfucker , w jimmy smits ?
probably a legacy of muslim occupation of pirenei peninsula , somewhen before during crusades ?
espn did a 30 for 30 about this team . watch it if this interests you it 's really an interesting story .
side question : is the headline constructed to make two shot suicides seem impossible ? i thought i read somewhere that a substantial number of suicides manage to get more than one shot off .
eli 5 why it was n't easier to just move closer ? also reminds me of this old reddit post
i think thats the opposite of squandering his acting skills . they need someone to deliver a powerful percormance and make a connection with the audience in a short amount of time . not many are capable of that
and some that survived it came away with an unusual new fetish ...
hurt me more !
100 agree .
i heard he tried to kill spiderman
lbj had such a big dick that johnson is used to refer to others dicks
i have not heard that word since high school .
well i mean i 'm definitely faster when i am just in my underwear , and a lot sneaker as well
you 're assuming that 's all at once . 750 ml throughout the day will just keep you nicely buzzed .
...
not to mention , it was n't hitler 's economic policies that made him evil . granted , some of them were pretty awful too , but it was really his social policies that made him the go to villain of the 20th century .
i got gmail early enough to score that username . still use it as my primary account
well it 's not ambiguous in english either . leagues is a measure of distance while fathoms is a measure of depth . no ambiguity
no no , it 's only a crime if the common people do it .
sweet fancy moses
i finally realized why the girl in the fairly odd parents movie was " deep toot " .
i know what s about the happen ! same shit that happened with the roswell documents that were suppose to be released last summer ... they aint giving us shit
ge force is spelled with an extra e because the g force name was already taken by an existing accelerator product .
what performance does the navy have though ?
pittsburgh . where are you from that this is common ?
not even that , but he thought that fruit ( i . e . little fibery sugar bombs ) would cure his pancreatic cancer ( pancreas , i . e . the organ which breaks down sugar ) . a short question to siri could have told him how bad of an idea that was .
that does n't sound too good for the economy . thank god for tourism .
i prefer the american dad version __url__
last name is farthing , always wanted to have a girl and name her penny . had a girl , wife unit wasnt too keen on the idea however .
what exactly do we do with that data during an all out war ? do we just look at that number and tell the factory workers to produce more than the enemy ?
i had a job as a checker at a drug store making 6.25 hour , and there 's no way in hell i would 've taken his job , even for 18 hour .
til cnn founder ted turner can go to north korea without raising eyebrows
the captain went on to find famine fortune after his victory .
min
yep , they did n't even do scans when testing the technology . in those days they just built the darn thing then straight put it to work .
in the southern us we call them chicken hawks but the are in the falcon family . kind of like what we call buzzards are actually vultures .
this is one of their best songs imo . creed is second from left during intro .
this , unfortunately .
luna .
bin laden 's family and george w . bush 's family did a bunch of business deals together .
i can see the rest of the founding fathers saying no tom , that s not a spinner when he visits their offices .
a similar principle can be applied when building a giant robot with hydraulically operated limbs .
can you read my mind ? do you know what it is you do to me ? here i am like a kid out of school !
sure , it worked evil laught
yeah the downvotes are kinda weird ... you have n't heard anyone use " spunk " to define brotein before , and that 's fine .
4scoreand7yearschan
it was ... a spooky ghost !
north and south dakota combine to form baja manitoba .
i thought all of holland was man made . thats why they had those dikes , right ?
what a terrible thumbnail for this post .
the purple gang
yeah check on malcolm too
someone who does a fruit only diet is probably euphoric because they are enlightened by their own intelligence . meme.jpg
oh my god
good luck man . i do n't have any kids . my gf has a 4 year old ( who i have spent more time with in two years than both parents ) and it 's awful . i love the kid , can n't stand the mom more and more everyday . i hope you 're a turn out to be one of the good ones .
its amazing he only got 25k .. i paid 80 just to get an autograph and spend 2 seconds with the man . worth every penny .
ketamine and pcp .
totti retiring
watch sg1 then watch atlantis . both are great but will make more sense .
the irish were probably believed to be inferior because they were slaves , but yeah maybe that too ...
uh huh ...
says it on the packages , sillyface .
they put the hand in the anus
agreed . it is an awesome film where nicole cage turns his nice cage impression up to 11
anyone who has ever seen him on tv or heard him on radio knows kelvin mackenzie is one of the biggest arseholes the uk has to offer . he is the arsehole of arseholes , a giant , stretched out cum dripping anus of an excuse for a man .
just put it in insulin ampules
i 'm sorry but it 's just inaccurate to say rome did not have engineering theory .
yeah , it is just weird that at the same time these non adult bros can trialed as adults ... weird . weird . how convenient .
what 's wrong with swearing in songs ? i guess critics should shit on bob dylon for slurring his speech so much .
true , but the queen quickly moves on to mate with about eleven more drones .
you can n't , you will n't and you do n't stop . annie o come on and rock the sure shot .
if you do n't mind bitter , gag inducing flavor , it 's edible .
more of people 's sexiest athletes
a co worker from years ago admitted to me one day that he went around door to door asking for donations for this baby that was stuck in a well and kept all the money . geez dude .
no , it was prescribed for anxiety too i think
i 'm sure i learned it multiple times in high school in texas .
the video can be found in this article : __url__ ctrl f velcro
i , too , believe in morgan freeman .
read year zero by rob reid , its a hilarious book almost about this exact scenario .
i do n't get why people loathe him either , but i get why people dislike him and mock him a lot . he 's got a very douchey air about him .
i 've actually read it was named after grover cleveland 's daughter ruth .
thanks obama for making my gay frogs levitate
i lost it at the vulgar language bleeps in interrogation .
do i look like a dust head to you ?
one of the worst games in the history of gaming . still remember going over to a friends house literally wasting hours trying to play this nightmare .
we 'll call it puppy love !
how do the dolphins get access to a tortoise ?
if i cum man it was right on time
dammit !
also , the eagle was unavailable for comment . maybe it was a hate crime .
also brought to the attention of congress a planned coup to establish a fascist dictatorship , backed by j . p . morgan . did n't we bail those guys out a few years back ? til .
that was the most exciting wikipedia story i 've ever read
as others have stated , they want to see pictures , will check your home and will check on the well being of the animal you adopted . also the price for adopted animals can be very high , so i guess noone would adopt an animal just to use it as fodder .
i have never understood why they re named that . how can you not know what that means ? and if you know what it means why the fuck would you name a store that ?
you deserve more upvotes .
brendan frasier ?
you nuke guys are really weird just being honest , 6 months under water do that to you ?
yeah , but you would n't believe how many people still believe he is as big as gandhi , maybe even bigger .
they can if they want to . it 's not like they 're illegal . fancy windows are more expensive and most americans just do n't care .
he deserves to win .
go fuck yourself . edit : it 's a south park reference people . __url__
survive
the real til .
eh ... i seem to remember the bc liberals telling elections bc that they were n't allowed to remove rural seats ( even though they do n't have the population to justify keeping them )
its all in the hipssss its all in the hipssss
and their names are actually ramon and carlos estevez
rodney mullen is the goat
way better than the original working title though : " 20,000 leagues traveled underneath the surface of the sea , while always keeping a good distance above the sea floor ( we traveled through the ocean , but never underneath it and rarely above it ) . "
not all . i 've found that americans as a community do a lot to organize non kill shelters , including those who have foster systems .
or north dakota ?
depends on the beer here
spurs will be extra gutted if arsenal win next week and still finish with more trophies than them after having their worse season for 21 years .
science recently points to the possibility that yes , yes he could have .
doctor eggman was right to go after sonic
uh , kinda . except that 6000 years ago there was no christianity or islam . it 'd be accurate to say like 1400 years old though .
love the skarsgards , the whole lot of them . stellan did such an amazing job playing the main antagonist in the girl with the dragon tattoo .
it 's all good as long as the tributes keep coming and we get to select your leaders . the real seat of power is that yurt right outside town .
exercise : the silent killer
til batman is ross .
it s just 1950s . years aren t automatically possessive nor are they contractions .
they 're probably using idiocracy logic .
thanks , other barry .
ugh , it 's painful how she died way , way too early . patsy cline was incredibly talented .
alcohol is a drug , one of the most dangerous drugs at that . broccoli is a vegetable .
who knew poseidon was into s and m
everyone 's first email is cringy . mine first one was 22 characters long : freshprinceofdetroit 12 yahoo.com
catch 22 at work again
this needs to have the choo choos of europe tag too !
i 'm glad he listened . i hope he kicks cancer 's ass . 3
i member !
if he paid a lawyer .. the only one he hurt was himself . dumbest goddamn thing i can believe to be true without thinking twice . i only believe it because of how litigious our society is , and that is a damned shame .
and here 's a link to said wake up call
i 'd say someone is asleep at the wheel then . what 's today 's population ?
also progressives
bengals last playoff loss was the steelers , browns last playoff loss was the steelers , blue jackets last playoff loss was the penguins . if you 're an ohio contact sports fan the pittsburgh teams are the guy you just can n't beat .
i doubt he even rated a three on the jar jar binks scale of repugnancy .
a layman can only do it if the person is in danger of death .
a 750 ml bottle is roughly a fifth of a gallon , hence the terminology .
wiping your butt
try to imagine a guy who went through four years of college and having a multi year obligation to the navy even getting drafted in the first round today , let alone 1st overall .
i 'm from arizona and i did n't know that .
hahah just finished watching that ! amazing how quiet it is
lmao roasted
she also reunited with her child years later and make her a production assistant on her show
i miss all those waffle houses in mississippi ! i moved to pennsylvania years ago now , and they do n't even know what a waffle house is . honestly though , food is not pa 's strong point all around . im making myself sad .
so there really was a hugh jass ?
also , the singer sang in deep purple before whitesnake .
i would say the numbers are so big thanks to stalin and mao . without them , the number of victims would be probably much lower , although i think that communism would still remain the deadliest regime .
its bad , but sydney did that as well . just suddenly they all disappeared during the olympics , not many people ask or even know . imo , its far from the worst thing you could do . i 'm sure many hosts did the same .
til not in the us the 1st floor is called the ground floor .
it 's just for fun . i enjoy astrology because i find it empowering , not because i accept it as fact .
kanye .
" do n't be an idiot . "
literally no one fucking called this nipplegate . stop with that shit .
now now , it seems like you bought into hitchen 's rhetoric , hook , line and sinker .
too late , in my experience .
funny , i always read the last line in a novel first .
ha damn those prices . i guess it 's only fair given what the market has done to regular cards but still ...
it seems like they should be more properly called metatumors .
welcome to imperial japan !
you have to wonder whether he was able to concentrate or just kept reading the same sentence over and over again .
pretty sure michael c hall also had cancer during a season or two
this is a myth . it is persianized of indicus . caucasus indicus is what greeks called the mountains . meaning indian caucasia . __url__
were n't they calling tracer " spunky " or " full of spunk " when overwatch was released ? i remember reading that and i was like " uhh .. do they know the slang meaning of the word ? "
in some places they are appointed by a unitary government rather than elected .
i dont . she just gets people to cry on air because its good for ratings .
good guy general washington .
you 're
a knife is sharpened steel . they 're not exactly hard to create or destroy . r bladesmith
no shit , sherlock .
seems a bit insensitive to post this
as do the people business owners employ
he 's more of a mesh of clinton and carter
i do n't know , i got pretty excited when they said the title of the movie in the movie .
til : dinosaurs were hip before hipsters .
then the us bombed a chinese embassy because they had pieces to the f 117
all three of you get updoots for my favourite scene !
riding mountain park in manitoba has the remains of a pow camp .
what is it with posts about no construction deaths now ?
the fucking parking meter outside my local tescos !
back in 1995 this was true .
it helps to pay for therapy .
haha yeah for real i 'd opt for the milkshake then
i believe the female dolphin will fall in love with my more sensitive side though . edit : inb 4 male dolphin in love with my " sensitive side " .
turn me on with your electric feel .
i read an article just a couple of days ago about us soldiers in afghanistan ( i think ) throwing candy by the side of the road . either kids would n't go there for the candy ( indicating an ied ) , or they 'd go there and clear it like the captured civilians op refers to .
you forgot disemboweled , that comes after emasculated .
now this is stuck in my head : davy , davy crockett king of the wild frontier
i liked how he repaired a load bearing floor joist with titebond 3 . admittedly he did put a joist hanger but it seemed like he was think the glue was going to be structural .
johnny stompanado really sounds like someone who would do that .
i have a friend who goes for just about every internet fad there is , and he drinks h2o2 as some sort of tonic ...
so cool to see my hometown on reddit ! glad to know we are n't forgotten )
everytime i hear it 's such good feeling it makes my throat well up more than any bach symphony ever could .
it 's not genius though . it 's an abuse of power , sure , but it does n't take a rocket scientist to come up with an idea like giving people false hope and punishing them for it .
they were fluent in hnggggggggggggdurrrerrr
bartlet for america
i now like connecticut more .
wow . i challenge someone to post a worse movie scene than that . it may exist , but you 'll have a hard time finding it .
he brought more than fine spices and silks from asia .
sometimes , he watches a movie on tv even though he already owns it on dvd . pointing this out confuses and upsets him .
and why would that be ?
1986 me remembers it being the most delicious thing ever that my parents would n't let me have .
did they wrap the bodies with sharp wires like they said in narcos ? if so , autopsies would be pretty difficult to conduct
politically i 've always identified as marxist of the groucho variety .
if that 's the case , i hope i never hear god 's voice , ever .
unless they got microaggressed though , in which case , they can just quit and cry and blame everyone for it .
it makes perfect sense to me
without the americans funding the ira the british army would n't have had all that experience in counter insurgency that we could then pass on to the americans in iraq and afghanistan .
bears can n't even afford pants and hats anymore .
hollywood still makes us think cars can easily explode
and lack of thumbs
one does not simply hang around the one ring and not feel it 's effects .
you 'd do it too if you were shaka zulu dont hate
the neck is strong in this one
or coinspiracy ?
on the flip side , i was made out to be an idiot for making that connection in highschool 10 years ago . oh well .
check me if i am wrong but if you are making up a new sport every decision is arbitrary .
simple sabotage
clang , clang
i had a friend who worked at a kill shelter for a couple years . he had to quit because the toll on his conscience was too high . there is a documentary about the psychological impact of working at a place like that somewhere . if i find it i 'll post .
free until the war ended . then they had to pay .
__url__
pg 13 with bewbs . of course it was gonna get good ratings .
if gerard come to my house it ai n't gonna be blood he 's sucking .
was this inspired by that " did they have rulers back then ? " question from the bill nye morning show video ?
interesting
nope .
most of those ended up in lake wobegon .
a surprise for sure , but a welcome one .
until he gets the beaver pet
ninja turtles and the punisher both had crossovers with archie which leads to fun implications
so did my wife . that was a fun conversation .
i mean you could say every president has been born west of the mississippi , just some were born in the far far far west of it .
disco duck and fleetwood mac coming out of my 8 track michael jackson still was black those were the days
keith richards has to be immortal
every family i know pulling in less than 7 mil a year is barely making it , scraping from paycheck to payckeck . you really can n't blame the guy .
i love your story .
i wanna see what happens when the person that buys it all refuses to sell it back .
i mean as a positive you could at least remember the words so you do n't look stumped when they go for the closeup and you need to be singing it under your breath i can n't remember shit of advance australia fair beyond our home is girt by sea
cabr n literally means a male goat . its slang meaning differs depending on country and context __url__
spying is going to continue . at the of the day , the majority of the public support surveillance on threats , and that will always trump the whiny complaints of neckbeards on reddit . sorry .
cue the spinoff
" are we the baddies ? " mitchell and webb
was n't gunsmoke kept around because some top executive liked it ? everyone else wanted it canceled .
people would quickly become desensitized to it , then most would go back to eating meat like every predatory ancestor we 've ever had .
i 'm trying to figure out if he landed with his junk smooshed against hot concrete of if it had been in the shade . waking up in jail with with hot concrete dick roadrash is n't going to be pleasant .
on a related note , the slogan they used for corn nuts in the 80s ( radio ads are especially hilarious ) was " bust a nut ! "
my dog was born a year before 9 11 and just passed away in february , so i 'm sure there are a few oldies still hanging in there .
i wonder how different us history goes if the first president had heirs .
i 'm not really sure how recent numbers look , but north st.louis i think has to be worse than east st.louis . it 's a lot more dense more murders per weekend . i know by population maybe the numbers do n't work , but threat level wrong place at wrong time goes way way up
to be fair , samuel l . jackson actually got his start in movies quite late in life . he knows damn well that he could be washed up any day .
now that 's what i call ' the runs '
you should read " the great leveler : violence and the history of inequality from the stone age to the twenty first century " it basically covers how plague , war , famine and revolution all help reduce inequality .
if you 're wearing khakis on a saturday . yes . you are you fucking khakis and everything that goes along with that .
some of them really are n't that bad . the hoa where i grew up never did anything . the fee was like 15 per year which they used to plant flowers around the entrance to the neighborhood .
you messed with our cod and so we got back at you in the most ironic way possible .
that 's what killed elvis .
not only was it filtered tap water , but the filtering process introduced contaminants that were n't in the original tap water . if it had just literally been tap water like in that episode of only fools and horses , it would have been better .