selling forehead dm me
that was a 2009 interview . since he is even more in the spotlight now as mercedes f1 chairman and german f1 coverage pundit , i imagine the value is much higher now .
that was a 2009 interview . since he is even more in the spotlight now as mercedes f1 chairman and german f1 coverage pundit , i imagine the value is much higher now .
is this why he shittalks everyone all the time ? so he can get his forehead in the media ?
think of how much money peyton manning could make !
godamn it , i only make 600k from my forehead
the wrath of elon
holy shit this would be on the same level of historical facts like hitler 's painting skills and lincoln 's honesty .
holy shit this would be on the same level of historical facts like hitler 's painting skills and lincoln 's honesty .
well , to be fair , they are probably still in south africa so worse than mars prison .
be careful who you make fun of in high school . they could be the person sending you on a 1 way trip to mars " for science " .
that 'll stop ' em .
many of my teachers openly wept after teaching me . presumably for the same reason .
von neumann was probably the last real polymath .
von neumann was probably the last real polymath .
the sentence that made him cry was " pee is stored in the testicles "
and that tutor 's name ? albert einstein . seriously , this til sounds like r nottheonion material .
i read as tutored as tortured . i was of confuse
that is clearly discrimination ... how can they justify this ?
behold , the rare triple switcharoo ! glorious .
behold , the rare triple switcharoo ! glorious .
they can n't reach the clutch .
r todayilearned
this is the real law that we need !
" the united states " includes territories , and the official language of puerto rico and guam and all the other territories is english .
some states have an official language .
some states have an official language .
it 's called freedom
i think i read somewhere the official language of illinois is " american "
the sound of angry trump supporters
if ejaculating in your 20s protects against prostate cancer , then how is prostate cancer even a thing ?
" what 's taking so long in there ? " " just protecting my prostate , i 'll be out in a minute . "
" what 's taking so long in there ? " " just protecting my prostate , i 'll be out in a minute . "
if this is true , i 'm guessing i did enough work to protect three other guys in addition to myself .
__url__
i 'm in my mid 30s . still no prostate cancer and continue to ejaculate regularly . this study will continue to march on .
they 're also the biggest shareholder of apple , 2 if i remember correctly . edit : 2.6 __url__
also nebraska furniture mart , which has one of the biggest retail buildings in the world with almost 2 million square feet of show room floor . __url__
also nebraska furniture mart , which has one of the biggest retail buildings in the world with almost 2 million square feet of show room floor . __url__
they also own altalink , the power transmission company in my province
i was honestly surprised the other day when i was looking into which insurance underwriters would be seeing the biggest losses as the result of harvey and irma . i was mildly interested to see berkshire hathaway owned my life 's insurance policies .
til that buffett was buying out companies in 1962 . he did this seven years before the moon landing , as a man in his 30s , and he 's still at the top of his game in 2017 .
long distance calls , especially overseas , were expensive as fuck back in those days .
release the hounds
release the hounds
more like g . petty amirite
reminds me of ice t , if i recall correctly on mtv cribs he showed how he has vending machines at his house to stop his guests from eating all of his food .
in bird culture , this is considered a dick move .
technically , blood ejaculating from his neck would also be ejaculation . it does n't all have to be semen , you know .
yes
yes
r evenwithcontext
i still am
yes .
" simulation 7422 will soon be able to build computers powerful enough to create their own lifelike simulations in an attempt to better understand their world , thus perpetuating the simulation one more layer down . "
" they 're just now realizing they are able to transcend it . some are even beginning to believe they have a real chance of doing it within their lifetimes . "
" they 're just now realizing they are able to transcend it . some are even beginning to believe they have a real chance of doing it within their lifetimes . "
" when the human are given a simulation game within the simulation , the humans do sadistic things to the sims , burn them , drown them , even causing death by repeated procreation methods . these humans are a sadistic people "
maintenance log 00012a : a small glitch has caused a deceased subject , one jesus to be revived . luckily the subject died again soon after . hopefully nothing substantial comes of this error .
and now , here 's human music .
oh , that 's really unfair . he 's not adenoidal , for one . you should watch some of his older films , 1960s era and onwards . harry palmer , alfie , the man who would be king , etc . a much better actor than cage , any day of the week .
haha nicholas cage ? i know reddits all the way up that butt but come on .
haha nicholas cage ? i know reddits all the way up that butt but come on .
yeah more like nick cage is a discount american michael caine . caine will legit just do any movie for a check , if he has time for it .
i like michael caine a lot , but i do n't think it 's fair to call him a god ...
cage and caine is n't a comparison . caine is an actor , cage is a performer . you do n't hire nicolas cage to get the embodiment of a character , you hire nicolas cage to get nic cage .
me on a friday night .
the male homo sapien also does this to prove his virility .
the male homo sapien also does this to prove his virility .
as if we needed another reason to pee on a goat 's face .
still better than axe .
til there 's a name for that thing my son kept doing as an infant during diaper changes , peeing in his own mouth , ear , eyes .
rudolph the red nosed cunt
i mean , they did n't ask him to lead the sleigh , santa did . he 's ostensibly human , so he would need an actual light in the normal visible spectrum to guide him .
i mean , they did n't ask him to lead the sleigh , santa did . he 's ostensibly human , so he would need an actual light in the normal visible spectrum to guide him .
boy is his face ultraviolet !
the rest of the reindeer actually follow the pee trail rudolph leaves behind . but that was n't kid friendly enough .
nah he signed up for the reindeer version of make a wish .
til
i do n't know why this killed me .
i do n't know why this killed me .
wait ... the comments are written by other people ? ? i thought you were all npcs .
but that 's not important right now .
and by ' wrote ' you mean copied and pasted .
bruce was unsure about the performance of the whole nine yards at the box office . perry bet him that if the movie was 1 he 'd make an appearance on friends .
he won an emmy for that ? i just marathoned the show and ... i mean , he was fine , but , an emmy ? also , i think that 's a picture of elliott gould
he won an emmy for that ? i just marathoned the show and ... i mean , he was fine , but , an emmy ? also , i think that 's a picture of elliott gould
jennifer aniston 's boobs on that show deserved more than a 3 episode arc
i just assumed back then that the high profile guest stars were sleeping with the cast .
joey must have loved it considering how much he loves die hard .
keep going , i 'm almost there .
this is how my gf prevents getting pregnant .
this is how my gf prevents getting pregnant .
godammit , i 've been told you can n't give birth from swallowing .
actually , these guys are extinct now .
wow , just like david blaine
true . but a national treasure regardless .
all accounts ? well here s an account that disagrees . he s actually redditor and seems like a good guy .
all accounts ? well here s an account that disagrees . he s actually redditor and seems like a good guy .
fuckaff , y'hoser .
i just assume he 's almost exactly like tim allens portrayal in galaxy quest
standards are getting lower , so i 'll allow it .
movies are n't accurate ? who knew
the us lost almost the exact same number of people as the brits even though we entered the war much later . so the characterization that is thrown around that the us was n't really involved in fighting , or ever very difficult fighting is not accurate .
the us lost almost the exact same number of people as the brits even though we entered the war much later . so the characterization that is thrown around that the us was n't really involved in fighting , or ever very difficult fighting is not accurate .
american pilots were pretty damn useful too .
after watching the documentary series soviet storm , i could not agree more . wholeheartedly . 90 of the european was was on the russian front .
what 's the saying ? " the war was won with british intelligence , american steel , and russian blood "
and that 's dedication ... :( poor stan lee
if i 'd gotten married at birth , i still probably would n't have a marriage that long .
if i 'd gotten married at birth , i still probably would n't have a marriage that long .
unfortunately this usually means that he is n't far behind . couple that have stayed together as long as they have just do n't live long without each other .
yeah i do n't see it looking too good for him after this loss
our generation could learn something from this .
this is the same reason the average teenager has seen more naked people than just about any adult 100 years ago .
we all know more about all kinds of things than scientists 100 years ago . how is n't this obvious ?
we all know more about all kinds of things than scientists 100 years ago . how is n't this obvious ?
and they know more about fidget spinners than they know about the milky way .
similarly , we know more about twix , snickers , and baby ruth .
i dunno ... i bet a professional astronomer 100 years ago could direct you through some trpt out ancient greek geometry .
wtf , that 's op .
so just like girls then ? kangaroos do n't poop as well ?
so just like girls then ? kangaroos do n't poop as well ?
i just wonder how op ended up finding this . " ok google , do kangaroos fart ? "
if only i could harness this ability when it comes to finals ..
man . that 'd be great if us humans could have that same super power . girls should n't fart for example
named after . not based on .
hobbes was also based on bill watterson 's old cat , sprite . i 'm a huge fan of c h so it 's always nice to see people post about it !
hobbes was also based on bill watterson 's old cat , sprite . i 'm a huge fan of c h so it 's always nice to see people post about it !
yet adopt each other 's philosophies i . e . , calvin espouses the more brutish , nasty , and short behavior .
which one brought forth the theory that scientific progress goes " boink " ?
in the fan comic , calvin 's daughter is bacon , named for francis bacon .
he was also fire lord ozai in avatar : the last airbender
who has n't hamil voiced ?
who has n't hamil voiced ?
hobo goblin
fun fact : a hobgoblin is like any other goblin except shorter as they 're bred especially for killing hobbits . they 're very effective and cost efficient .
and in full throttle ! ! !
u wanna talk , buddy ?
i wish we could all get along like we used to in middle school ... i wish i could bake a cake filled with rainbows and smiles and everyone would eat and be happy ...
i wish we could all get along like we used to in middle school ... i wish i could bake a cake filled with rainbows and smiles and everyone would eat and be happy ...
well hey , at least we can all still watch honest trailers and laugh , right ? s
me too bud . someday .
i just wanna be the kinda person i can talk to in the morning with a smile
again the " best top goalscorer " lol . where is this coming from ? ?
bad news for switzerland ?
bad news for switzerland ?
i 'm a little bit mad on makuszewski , he could easly pass the ball to lewy and give him one more but he wanted one for himself . amazing player , does n't care about individual stats and still gets insane numbers .
the bestest top goalscorer !
just curious , who is the worst top goalscorer ?
she does n't even go here !
that sounds fucking delicious , you owe me a cake now with all that hype !
that sounds fucking delicious , you owe me a cake now with all that hype !
damn what pleasant middle school did you go to ? i remember middle school as the most ruthless motherfking social experiment anyone gotta go through
i remember middle school having at least two or three fistfights a day .
i prefer black like my soul
til i 'm old . free willy , ya know the most famous movie about orcas ever made , directly talks about this .
there is a documentary out there called blackfish , it 's actually about tilikum ( mentioned on the wikipedia article ) and the way that animals are treated at places like sea world . edit : changed the link i think its on netflix too .
there is a documentary out there called blackfish , it 's actually about tilikum ( mentioned on the wikipedia article ) and the way that animals are treated at places like sea world . edit : changed the link i think its on netflix too .
if anyone wants to see some great whale propoganda go watch blackfish
so the ones i 've seen ( though rare ) in nature are the exceptions to the rule ?
it does n't even say that conclusively on wiki . i 'm not saying having them in captivity is good or anything . i 'm just saying do n't make it out like they actually know why it happens .
b ? shit dude , i know people who got straight as at highly ranked public universities that could n't even get accepted to yale .
i 'm sure his admittance and tenure there was unmarred by the fact that their first family alum went to yale in 1841 .
i 'm sure his admittance and tenure there was unmarred by the fact that their first family alum went to yale in 1841 .
with the ivy league grade inflation , i think you have it backwards actually ..
a c at yale is a privilege for legacy students with parents in the skull and bones society .
i 've read ivy league schools have insane grade inflation
there might be a few people parents of murdered boys waiting for him to get home ...
and apparently he 's suspected of even more . possibly over 300 . that 's just insane .
and apparently he 's suspected of even more . possibly over 300 . that 's just insane .
how bout just killing the sick fuck instead of letting him out ?
how disgusting .
guys ... but he is nice to the guards . just let him be free . he said that was just a phase and he is over it .
oh my god . that 's amazing .
he puts da hand deepa
he puts da hand deepa
my favorite part is the guy quickly scribbling down notes .
but we are initiated , are n't we bruce ? members of the league of shadows !
lmaooo i love the internet
thanks to fez i can no longer say " you son of a bitch " without doing it in his accent .
that 's 8 airings of the theme song .
that 's 8 airings of the theme song .
he 's been on the netflix show the ranch . as well as about half the main cast from that 70 ' s show . they should have him come back with the vista cruiser since he has it !
he now drives around los angeles , alone and singing to himself .
i wonder how many people figured out his name was fes for foreign exchange student
ahh , the ol ' reddit mouth a roo !
no way
no way
uglier than mine ?
thanks , jerry seinfeld
that 's someone else 's mouth
so do n't give higher wages just bring in people who will work for less ?
wage drain
wage drain
increasing the number of workers is going to do nothing to increase wages . it 's a ponzi scheme .
or maybe we could pay canadian talent more and keep them here .
perhaps , but i recall chretien as claiming ' brain drain ' simply was n't happening .
and if you watched 10000 bc , you would know they were used to help build them as well . :p
in recent news , steve buscemi was also a volunteer firefighter for 9 11 .
in recent news , steve buscemi was also a volunteer firefighter for 9 11 .
yes , but who built the pyramids ?
dan carlins hardcore history has had mentioned it somewhere
til this til gets posted once a week .
" yes , we are having a great time in the disco club and come here often . slap high fives . make the rain fall down . "
i have to wonder what kind of training they undergo to resist defecting ? holding their family hostage is a good deterrent , i guess .
i have to wonder what kind of training they undergo to resist defecting ? holding their family hostage is a good deterrent , i guess .
how do they get groceries in nk ?
fun fact : they 're also ridiculously easy for south korean intelligence forces to spot , because they usually walk around with 50 ' s era clothing and are utterly bewildered by the level of technology present in south korea .
i do n't understand how they would continue to serve nk when they realise most things they believe is a lie
that sure is a lot of extrapolation about the quality of someone 's life from " they punched a kid once . "
news flash there are rich people in 3rd world countries and south africa is n't even a 3rd world country . also musk was rich and probably went to private school . his bullies are probably doing a lot better than you .
news flash there are rich people in 3rd world countries and south africa is n't even a 3rd world country . also musk was rich and probably went to private school . his bullies are probably doing a lot better than you .
then they 're probably dead , or became die antwoord .
you clearly do n't know anything about sa
i gather you have no idea what south africa is actually like . source : i am south african .
probablee
they 'll get it right the third time ? or maybe number 4 will be fantastic . haha .. ha ...
they 'll get it right the third time ? or maybe number 4 will be fantastic . haha .. ha ...
i liked the latest one it was like 2 years ago at most maybe i saw it . really fucking good compared to the 2001 version
how do you call jessica alba and kate mara in skin tight suits a mistake ?
well , it says stan lee made the characters flawed . makes sense the movie would be too .
you 're smart . know thyself
this is my relationship with all drugs , including pot . i have to exert a small amount of control 24 7 to keep myself together and functioning . removing that control would be jumping into an eternal pit of darkness .
this is my relationship with all drugs , including pot . i have to exert a small amount of control 24 7 to keep myself together and functioning . removing that control would be jumping into an eternal pit of darkness .
maybe it 's just me but i was always disappointed and bored with the experience every time i tried it . maybe it was cheap stuff but i tried it a handful of times in my life from a few different " retailers . "
yeah but you 'd find you 're more equipped to deal with bad trips as well because of years of dealing with darkness .
if you 're strong enough to own it on your trip it might alleviate those things outside of it
german french italian romansh are the official languages of switzerland in case you were wondering .
" where are you from ? " " ch . " " .. did ... you just scoff ? " " no , that 's where i 'm from . ch . "
" where are you from ? " " ch . " " .. did ... you just scoff ? " " no , that 's where i 'm from . ch . "
when i tell people i 'm from switzerland in text form and use that abbreviation they tend to think " china " .
amusingly enough , the direct translation of that latin name keeps the same initials in french ( conf d ration helv tique ) , so they are sort of favouring one of them .
i remember when lyrics dot ch was the only good place to find song lyrics .
everybody is here talking politics and i 'm just wondering who the other country is .
can n't wait for the un resolution condemning this ...
can n't wait for the un resolution condemning this ...
anyone figure out what that other country is ? they did n't cite their source on the jnf website .
jewish physics
its easy to increase the number of trees if they keep stealing our people 's land . i 'm sure they had a net gain in houses too .
if you have your own sitcom , or you 're a high school teacher . the latter is much easier to attain .
rich enough to finance your own sitcom works too ...
rich enough to finance your own sitcom works too ...
or be bill cosby ... wait i guess he had his own sitcom too ... now i 'm confused
you could sell drugs , too .
no . having 200 million ( at that time ) probably also would do it , no sitcom needed .
house guests are like fish ... they both start to stink after 3 days .
please sir , i want to stay four weeks more .
please sir , i want to stay four weeks more .
hc did that to people .
the best part of this is that people are not shy to show this on andersen 's biographies . they even show it in a movie about andersen 's life !
after four weeks , you 're an occupant . hans liked his weed .
i guess you do n't know their lingo then .
yes , because it was a short story in the 90s
yes , because it was a short story in the 90s
from memory , willie nelson wrote a song way back that was essentially the plot for brokeback
how can you have any pudding if you do n't eat your meat ?
they talk about this entire conversation in op 's link .
no . really ? i 'm shocked .
i 'd be standing in front of an anti aircraft cannon soooo fast in best korea .
i 'd be standing in front of an anti aircraft cannon soooo fast in best korea .
apparently , so is attempting to steal slogan posters on the fifth floor of the yanggakdo hotel .
it sounds like the sort of thing that would be supported by all the social justice warrior snowflakes on us campuses . and i do n't mean that sarcastically .
you doooont say
i 'm mexican and the only hot sauce i grab while i 'm at the states is cholula . i also crave taco bell , so my recommendations might be a little off , i do how ever recommend to not take them with a grain of salt , there is enough sodium on them as it is .
tapatio ? ask for yucateco or valentina .
tapatio ? ask for yucateco or valentina .
i do n't eat at mexican restaurants that do n't carry yucateco
nah you re thinking of yucateco
tapatio is hardly authentic lol
lincoln abraham lincoln : vampire hunter good to see they acknowledge both of these are fact .
road to el dorado and emperor 's new groove do not share a plot in any means .
road to el dorado and emperor 's new groove do not share a plot in any means .
good call ! another thing to read about . thank you !
armageddon deep impact
jesus some of those movies on the twin list were n't even close to a twin movie .
" " " most anime " " "
lol you mean just one punch man ...
lol you mean just one punch man ...
it has more to do with being able to have artistic license . also in japanese it 's usually written as or xx or or similar because that 's the common usage in japan . i 'm sure the translators just change it to " city a " because it 's not common usage in the us .
the japanese are practical lot . that still does n't explain some of the weird shit they 're into , though .
they do the same with school and company names in japanese novels too ! " company a " " school s " .
ackroyd also intended it to be a serious movie about his actual beliefs . it was only made a comedy later . his father was into ghosts and the paranormal , and so is he , even to this day . kind of a paranoid kook , honestly .
that movie sure was the bomb ( ) i 'll see myself out .
that movie sure was the bomb ( ) i 'll see myself out .
shhhh ! did you smell that ?
i 'm more amazed that akroyd wrote it . i always thought it was all ramis .
i like how the wiki article makes no mention of why he spent 3 weeks in a bomb shelter .
i 've been to that bridge . the marker next to it references the fine .
__url__
__url__
this just seems like extra incentive to succeed ...
how much if you just want to throw something off the bridge ?
a suicide fee ? i can n't imagine that was a huge deterrent .
come on paul ryan has to count for something .
this is a misconception . dogs can vote at 2.6 years old , 18 in dog years . 3.6 to be a representative , 4.3 to be a senator , and 5 to be president or vice president .
this is a misconception . dogs can vote at 2.6 years old , 18 in dog years . 3.6 to be a representative , 4.3 to be a senator , and 5 to be president or vice president .
so i 'm on mobile and the word " pats " was on a different line , making me think the sentence ended at " has been photographed giving head . " which of course made me chuckle and think " to who ? certainly not bill ... "
on mobile and the sentence got moved to the second line after " giving head " got very confused and scared for a second
expect anything else ? having a dog means you have to care about a living thing other then yourself .
do n't look at the role of the us in the philippines if you want to cheer yourself up ...
i originally read this in the book " a legacy of ashes " by tim weiner . it is the best non fiction literature i 've ever read and if you have an interest in world history and american history , i highly recommend you read it .
i originally read this in the book " a legacy of ashes " by tim weiner . it is the best non fiction literature i 've ever read and if you have an interest in world history and american history , i highly recommend you read it .
i also read that between 381,067 and perhaps as many as 1 million german wehrmacht pows died in soviet captivity during ww2 . crazy how every side has its evil . __url__
they 've done a lot of bad stuff . __url__ __url__ __url__
it 's amazing what the us has done in the name of protecting democracy .
i 've never seen a water ad where the person drinking was n't missing their mouth
well , the slogan does n't mention spunk , so this could be a different ad .
well , the slogan does n't mention spunk , so this could be a different ad .
__url__
they knew . it was part of the gay agenda .
also that angle . people typically only lay like that for one specific purpose .
i did not know that . and would not have guessed . must be a recent development since watermelon is totally absent in traditionally chinese cuisine .
can n't think of anything china does n't make . they probably make the top secret materials we use , we just assemble them .
can n't think of anything china does n't make . they probably make the top secret materials we use , we just assemble them .
vietnam also produce a large number of water melon
anyone ever sample a square one ?
non local watermelons suck . they do n't get to ripen properly .
just as long as they kept the world flat , otherwise it would cause problems with the space time continuum .
r kenm
r kenm
oh yeah sure , just move a glacier around , as if i do n't have enough to do . bloody generals and their silly plans .
that s way more dangerous and reckless
tipping the land also tipped the ocean with it . it only works if it was an aircraft .
also , this is how the rich launder money , via the sale of art .
the man who sold it is named roy , but is legally changing the spelling to roi .
the man who sold it is named roy , but is legally changing the spelling to roi .
just 10k ? how many of us have an extra 10,000 to drop on a painting ?
i know it is a famous piece but i just couldn t rationalize spending 500mil on a painting
it 's a painting of the original bearded lady . nice .
me too . how is it a shelter if you kill the doggos ?
i 'm german too , i live in the states now i feel like a total moron for not knowing whats they do to the poor doogos here .
i 'm german too , i live in the states now i feel like a total moron for not knowing whats they do to the poor doogos here .
italian friendo here , never heard of them too . in fact it 's against the consitution law to hurt kill a domestic animal here . edit : fixed things , kinda confused the constitution part ( o o )
:( that must be sad to realise , thanks to germany for having a government that created such kind protection laws .
in my city in north america , they recently spent 10 million on a new shelter , and it 's a kill shelter .
only if you walk around with a t shirt that says you have it .
that 's why it 's called insurance . you do n't pay if it comes down it it . it 's so cheap because of how infrequent it pays out .
that 's why it 's called insurance . you do n't pay if it comes down it it . it 's so cheap because of how infrequent it pays out .
but it you already make enough money to be a lawsuit target it protects you from having to pay .
while also protecting you
you do n't have to advertise your policy .
there 's also a great follow up history of the rest of the world , that 's equally interesting .
h i r e a s a m u r a i
h i r e a s a m u r a i
good , this is here .
the first thing i thought of upon seeing this post was : someone has n't seen bill wurtz 's ' history of japan ' .
welp , this is what i was looking for ... if you have n't seen it , go now !
it looks like op 's picture is edited to show both sides and the label without the full slab .
photoshop .
photoshop .
i feel your pain .
i have something similar but not as old two coins side by side in the same ' package ' .
yes , it is a coin .
" ... dead italian pornstar ... " ftfy
wrong , it 's called vaiana in some european territories because a cosmetic company owned the name moana .
wrong , it 's called vaiana in some european territories because a cosmetic company owned the name moana .
could n't this lead to confusion with vaenia , the sexy movie discussed in the mass effect video games ? or are they not big mass effect fans ?
bet she moanas a lot , at work
vagiana ? come again ?
this happens to me . i do n't lose balance , but i become hyper conscious of my steps when i walk past a group of people .
i do this fairly frequently . i 'm pretty sure it is why i walk weird in the first place .
i do this fairly frequently . i 'm pretty sure it is why i walk weird in the first place .
this is me :( except i become self conscious about my arms and what i 'm doing with them while i 'm walking
so good to know it 's not just me .
this is my life
" for some reason , the parts i play , like boromir or ned stark , have a life online long afterwards . i keep seeing what do you call them memes ? " sean bean he 's on to us .
on game of thrones he gets killed by a chopper .
on game of thrones he gets killed by a chopper .
tbf helicopters are scary as fuck .
revealed in the cast a crew commentary on the dvds . still the most entertaining commentary tracks ever !
" one does not simply fly a helicopter to mordor "
dave grohl did this on the first foo fighters album , so him too ?
how about the prince ? well nah he aint prince but he is still a hell of a musician . rip
how about the prince ? well nah he aint prince but he is still a hell of a musician . rip
beck does the same . its artists like these that are truly talented .
do n't forget beyonce . oh wait , sorry i got it backwards .
earliest i can think of is herb alpert then paul mccartney
for the uneducated , is that the furthest category from extinct but still on the extinction spectrum , or does every animal fit on the spectrum . like is that the category for field mice ? edit : thanks for the answers guys !
it seems like there should be a " way too many " category beyond that .
it seems like there should be a " way too many " category beyond that .
americans get higher up on the extinction list year by year ... well perhaps day by day now .
so can we go and kill some more ? s .
i would classify them as ' most annoying '
is it really an affair if the wife gives consent ?
if you 're going to get some side action , a birth control activist seems like a wise choice .
if you 're going to get some side action , a birth control activist seems like a wise choice .
" i uhhh ... need it for my writing research "
that guy fucks fucked
thanks , i could n't remember the word for it .
plants do not get their energy from fertilizer , they get it from the sun . photosynthesis , yeah ? this is what , 2nd grade science ?
" i 'm gonna have to science the shit out of this . " mark whatney
" i 'm gonna have to science the shit out of this . " mark whatney
omigod get morgan freeman on the phone i have a movie idea !
is n't this why rabbits eat their poop ?
i was wondering about that if that was the case why some people can never gain weight and some people put on weight too easily .
or like ... if you 're eating to survive and not as a hobby .
it best to harvest the greens in the very early spring , when they are young , tender , and relatively less bitter . if harvest when the plant is in flower the leaves are extremely bitter .
it best to harvest the greens in the very early spring , when they are young , tender , and relatively less bitter . if harvest when the plant is in flower the leaves are extremely bitter .
i 've heard the petals are supposed to be delicious with rice .
anything is a dildo edible if you 're brave enough .
today is april 16th . dandelions are good in march , when they are first coming up . by now , the leaves are bitter . the flowers can be battered and deep fried .
transformed into a metapod , story quickly turns into i have no mouth , and i must scream .
for me the 80 ' s plot would be sneaking in and getting way over his head , but then discovering that he 's always had the ability to accomplish whatever he wants because he has the power within himself , plus he has the love and admiration of his dad .
for me the 80 ' s plot would be sneaking in and getting way over his head , but then discovering that he 's always had the ability to accomplish whatever he wants because he has the power within himself , plus he has the love and admiration of his dad .
missingno origin story
pokemon mystery dungeon .
better yet it could be a new pokemon movie they find an actual charizard .
dilly , dilly !
you will be the first demonstration baldrick ! string him up ! cover him with whipped cream ! release the sexy women !
you will be the first demonstration baldrick ! string him up ! cover him with whipped cream ! release the sexy women !
pretty sure the idea was different . goats will eat anything ! let 's get them to eat their toes ! hmm . not working . add salt ? hmm . still not ... wait a minute . ok , not what we expected , but still gets results .
kevin new job for being a cunt
baldrick , what if you cover your penis with peanut butter and i lick it off ?
nah it 's british . spelled the same but sounds totally different .
i thought it was common tongue from game of thrones .
i thought it was common tongue from game of thrones .
the singre raindrop never feers responsibre for the frood .
" what ... are you planning ... to do ... ? ? "
holy shit . i just understood chinese .
circular breathing . aboriginal didgeridoo players are charmed the white faces learned some skills too .
actually no ... on sunday , 14th may 2017 , notable nigerian saxophonist femi kuti broke mark atkins ' record by playing for 51 minutes , 38 seconds after successfully breaking kenny g 's record the previous week .
actually no ... on sunday , 14th may 2017 , notable nigerian saxophonist femi kuti broke mark atkins ' record by playing for 51 minutes , 38 seconds after successfully breaking kenny g 's record the previous week .
ah yes , his finest and most interesting piece .
is that anything like inward singing ?
are you sure he does n't just blow it out his arse ? it sounds like it
you mean 1913 and 1914
was it held in 1915 during the war ?
was it held in 1915 during the war ?
since 2014 , each driver who won russia , went on to win the world championship . bottas wdc confirmed ? s
so the germans have dominated in russia , well except for when they didnt ...
howver , the previous grand prix was n't ' grand ' , it was shit as fuck .
thank god these xfinity guys came around ! i 'm glad i 'm not with comcast anymore !
you aint just whistlin ' dixie . have a few lines with them . prices went up after change . and the rep has the unmitigated gall to ask why i am cancelling them . fucking no integrity .
you aint just whistlin ' dixie . have a few lines with them . prices went up after change . and the rep has the unmitigated gall to ask why i am cancelling them . fucking no integrity .
they didn t rebrand to hide their former identity , they rebranded because twc isn t part of time warner anymore . they have gone to great lenghts to make sure people know twc and spectrum are the same thing .
did twc and brighthouse used to be the same company ? we never had twc in my area but we had brighthouse but now it 's called spectrum too edit : apparently they merged __url__
it 's not though
think it was roger stone . he testified beforebthe houss intelligence committee last month too .
i ve always heard it dc is la for ugly people
i ve always heard it dc is la for ugly people
additionally , big fat wallets and omnipotence erases a lot of physical ugly .
mitch mcconnel comes to mine ugh . dude . buy a damn chin with all your lobbyist money
i 'll remember this quote forever
" i know this place like the back of my dick "
sure are horny creatures , are n't they .
sure are horny creatures , are n't they .
the fact that dogs do n't pass this test makes me not believe it . my dog is like a vain teen kid , regularly checking herself out in the mirror .
they 're so like us
" repetitious head circling and close viewing of the eye or genital region which had been marked " they viewed it because it was marked , not because they like looking at their dongs
what else did you think they were for ?
today i learned that toilet paper is paper that can be flushed down a toilet .
today i learned that toilet paper is paper that can be flushed down a toilet .
til a keyboard is so named because it is a board of keys .
god help me , i 'm old ...
hence the name . my chum was so proud of his flying toasters .
people with tanks and bombs and missiles and drones ? why do gun nuts think that government views their glock as any kind of threat ?
the people at waco say hi . so does philando castile .
the people at waco say hi . so does philando castile .
hahaha sure we do . any examples ? like the bonus army , you mean ?
i mean , i get this on a philosophical level . but like . really ?
the person with a predator drone .
dolphin penises are prehensile . like tentacles . take a moment to think about that .
momma dolphins ?
momma dolphins ?
asking for a friend ...
question i came here to ask as well , it 's a shitty til if the source is n't very reliable and we do n't have proof . ( no i 'm not asking for a video i 'm just saying these types of posts should have more documented proof before being broadcasted on the sub ) .
the reference used on wikipedia does n't seem to be a reliable source ...
comcast student loans , the bills goes up by 30 dollars each month , and nobody knows why ! ! !
before comcast , it used to be called insight . i can n't wait to see what the next name will be .
before comcast , it used to be called insight . i can n't wait to see what the next name will be .
that was more a result of comcast as an entity becoming a holding company when they purchased nbc .
just do what most states do , contract it out to a third party . version is still producing internet in florida but through the company frontier .
bp changed the branding at a lot of their retail stores in america to marathon after all the oil spill pr .
many here are confused . the answer is homeowner 's insurance and likely umbrella coverage . the insurance clearly covered acts caused by all residents of the household . as a result , victims could sue the parents and actually get damages .
parents are financially liable for the actions of their non adult offspring ? that 's the only way this makes sense .
parents are financially liable for the actions of their non adult offspring ? that 's the only way this makes sense .
this reminded me of the ted talk that one of the shooter 's mother did . however , the page is crashing now . is it , did a reddit thread do that ?
" one family had filed a 250 million lawsuit against the harrises and klebolds in 1999 and did not accept the 2001 settlement terms . a judge ordered the family to accept a 366,000 settlement in june 2003 . " wow .
the fuck ?
that bomb ? made in a war repurposed british car plant .
why would it have never existed ? they already built it before the war started and it was a simple car that would n't have needed that particular factory .
why would it have never existed ? they already built it before the war started and it was a simple car that would n't have needed that particular factory .
how often did these bombs not detonate ?
because of all that shrapnel , would 've been the b sharps :d
how to keep your volkswagen alive a manual of step by step procedures for the compleat idiot ( __url__
this is not for the faint of heart . ns
it 's not the grinding that bothers me most . it 's the idea that this animal was born to serve no purpose but to die so soon . for no purpose either .
it 's not the grinding that bothers me most . it 's the idea that this animal was born to serve no purpose but to die so soon . for no purpose either .
i do n't think you 're useless , little chicken . edit : i wonder how much meat dairy consumption would decrease if people were forced to participate in the processes between plate and farm .
if it makes people feel better , scientists are working on a method to identify male chicks before they 've hatched : __url__ presumably it could then be " aborted " before it hatches .
this is not a fun fact :( damn til getting me all sad n shit today .
china is also one of the largest countries where more women fill up lower , middle , and junior level positions than men in the workforce .
and there 's already 30 million more makes than females in china ...
and there 's already 30 million more makes than females in china ...
domestic violence is also a big problem there ... specifically that it 's not considered a crime . lots of cases of men killing their wives and not going to jail .
it is because women are so macho and do n't ask for help it 's their egos in reality
have you met a chinese mother ? she 's ashsmed of you , personally .
interesting . i love that he always asks permission , even though he 's under no obligation to do so .
of course al did it anyway . __url__
of course al did it anyway . __url__
mccartney is so full of himself that its suprising he doesnt collapse into a singularity .
__url__ very common repost
i 've always wanted to know why paul wrote : " but if this ever changin ' world in which we live in " in which we live in ? why not simply omit the first ' in ' ?
if it ai n't broke ...
humanity has never changed even one tiny bit . check out this ancient shitposting . __url__
humanity has never changed even one tiny bit . check out this ancient shitposting . __url__
back then , they added actual lion heart .
that 's actually pretty impressive to keep a tradition for 6000 years
don draper could n't have written a better campaign .
precisely .
found peter piper
found peter piper
simpsons did it ! i love this scene .
how did you not use ' pigment ' in that ?
all this for the perfect pizza
every public transit party goer and sporting event enthusiast on a budgeter as well .
until the kids are old enough to call bs using a little invention i like to call " the nose "
until the kids are old enough to call bs using a little invention i like to call " the nose "
and every spaniard knows you mix equal parts wine and cola when making your kalimotxo
i believe it 's mostly an american thing . i 'm latino , but i know that the french , italians and germans also do n't have this prudish attitude towards alcohol .
i second that moderate wine consumption is infinitely better than drinking chemical shit juice
but he failed as well , being more interested in stealing pic a nic baskets .
he still have nightmares that wakes him up at night with a cold sweat as he curses the tortoise .
he still have nightmares that wakes him up at night with a cold sweat as he curses the tortoise .
only who can prevent forest fires ? ? ? you have selected you ! referring to me ! the correct answer is you !
but then he loses his job bc he did n't actively prevent anyone from burning down forests . now he does toilet paper commercials with his family just to make ends meet .
only you can prevent forest fires , because trump cut my funding .
that before pic is definitely shopped . look at the lines on the door . still though ...
__url__
__url__
but first you have to know that that picture is photoshopped __url__
your eyes actually believe that first picture is real ? smh .
yeah , that pic looks photoshopped ! her at 18 without makeup was still pretty .
things i would never ever think of when designing a flag ...
is it as canadian as possible , under the circumstances ?
is it as canadian as possible , under the circumstances ?
it 's true that kids learned about the leaf being comprised of 11 segments . we also bought brass lapel pins in the leaf shape that were divided into 11 segments at the world 's fair , ( expo ' 67 in montreal ) .
title irony ?
it s also a non indigenous norway maple leaf , while previous to the new flag the sugar maple leaf was used . i always kind of felt ripped off by that .
" trump is a dumb cheeto ! the police are racist scumbags ! " " no civilian should have guns except for racist cops and guys working for the cheeto ! "
yes , the politicians looking to force google , facebook , etc to supress fake news is just asking for the removal of free speech . there hasn t even been a public outing of what facebook ads the russians were purported to have ran .
yes , the politicians looking to force google , facebook , etc to supress fake news is just asking for the removal of free speech . there hasn t even been a public outing of what facebook ads the russians were purported to have ran .
and there are those who support them . i was pro guns until a few days ago . honestly breaks my heart seeing my coworkers cry at work about their lost friends .
most of this website , actually
do n't take it all away :'(
all this tells me is that the scientologists put that poor woman in a confined space with starved roaches
roaches are bad news ! thanks for the article
roaches are bad news ! thanks for the article
" unlike mosquitoes roaches do not inject venom " ... i 'm pretty sure mosquitoes do n't inject venom they inject saliva to prevent coagulation while they feed , and also perhaps some microorganisms
" while they may bite anywhere on the body , they re more inclined to nibble on your fingernails , eyelashes or hair . " fuck . that .
ouch cockroach bite ! ! help me help me
he was promoted back to corporal the next year . i wonder what it would be like being a trooper in that regiment thinking to yourself " even the fucking bird outranks me :( "
he 's a warrant officer nowadays .
he 's a warrant officer nowadays .
we also have a camel that held the rank of sergeant , but was demoted to corporal for biting someone . ( i believe we give our mascots rank so that they can be paid , which is used for looking after them . but do n't quote me on that )
disgraceful . what an absolute yabbo .
this has next disney animated movie written all over it ..
oh god , they 're organizing .
is a bear army called a sleuth ? the real til in the comments as always
is a bear army called a sleuth ? the real til in the comments as always
now they launder money buying and selling platinum bars .
fuckin ' , where ?
i can n't wait to see that movie next year
and there are people right now who are actually asking the government to take away more .
we did n't give up anything close to giving up habeas corpus
we did n't give up anything close to giving up habeas corpus
okay reddit , tell me again how america is as bad as nazi germany .
can n't wait to see what we give up after a mass shooting in vegas .
george carlin said we have a bill of privileges because a bill of rights implies they can n't be taken away .
they get high as fk from pufferfish . great documentary on netflix about it , also nose hats
those humans are far worse tho
those humans are far worse tho
time to wage war
dolphins are just human of the sea .
the humans of the sea
today perhaps you will learn to properly read and digest your sources ... while the stock dipped a little , it nearly doubled only a short while later .
youd have to be pretty dense if you think the two were related . edit : oh my fucking god op ! ! ! your link says the exact opposite ! ! ! you basically posted the snopes article disproving your own post ! !
youd have to be pretty dense if you think the two were related . edit : oh my fucking god op ! ! ! your link says the exact opposite ! ! ! you basically posted the snopes article disproving your own post ! !
what this proves , is that we need to buy a lot of stocks for united in the next few days . we 'll make a killing in a month .
__url__
stockholders do n't lose a penny until they sell stock prices vary , and that 's a small swing compared to a large company it went right back up correlation does n't imply causation
let me tell you something , brother . the hulkster would have destroyed that fat .
according to hulk hogan ...
according to hulk hogan ...
you should not just accept anything hogan says as truth .
and most likely would n't have had the same success . that 's if hogan is even telling the truth and not pulling shit out of his ass .
he opened a pasta place instead : __url__
so , you can n't read music for sheet .
i played piano from sheet music for 8 fucking years and i forgot completely how to read it . i play guitar quite a lot now and i mainly work from tabs and by hearing other people play . reading music is kind of irrelevant unless your instrument does n't work with tablature .
i played piano from sheet music for 8 fucking years and i forgot completely how to read it . i play guitar quite a lot now and i mainly work from tabs and by hearing other people play . reading music is kind of irrelevant unless your instrument does n't work with tablature .
you should n't need to be spoonfed . you should , especially after 20 years , be able to look at a chart and just play cold
this is true for fingerings , because there are so many different voicings for the same note . however , i can n't count the times it 's helped me with the rhythms and melody lines knowing how to count out the notes .
i can n't play any instrument though i played both piano and guitar when i was a kid . but i can read music . we had two music classes every week at school at one hour each . i fucking hated school . but sheet music just stuck with me .
the idea of a high pressure xeon quartz shrapnel grenade is like the coolest thing i 've heard today .
some random posted a video where he asked the projectionist about it . dude said it 's just a thick leather vest .
some random posted a video where he asked the projectionist about it . dude said it 's just a thick leather vest .
going to work like you 're 50 cent !
it looks like a sci fi doomsday device .
remember in cod mw3 survival there was juggernauts that showed up every few rounds . yup . that 's who they call .
they had 4chan in 1887 ?
damn she also lived to 101 years old
damn she also lived to 101 years old
my mother grew up in argonia . i spent a lot of my childhood there with my grandmother . the salter house is a point of pride , as is the history of her election . it 's heartwarming to see such a small place get a mention here .
she did n't die until 1961 at the age of 101 , so she got to live to see female rights elevated quite further .
til a group at 4 chan nominated an orangutang to be president as a joke . he won less then 50 of the vote and became president .
i feel that if i was playing a nazi for a movie i would n't walk around in my costume off set .
that 's the banality of evil for you . the nazis were n't aliens who suddenly came to our planet to kill us . it turns out that while humans can be smart , societies are always dangerously stupid .
that 's the banality of evil for you . the nazis were n't aliens who suddenly came to our planet to kill us . it turns out that while humans can be smart , societies are always dangerously stupid .
not everyone living under occupation disagrees with it . they 're called collaborators .
and on the other hand , there was a holocaust survivor who saw ralph fiennes in german uniform tremble in terror , because his resemblance to amon goeth was uncannily accurate .
wow ... she must have believed 1 in 5 poles during ww2 were arseholes .
food lobbyists are some of the worst people .
sure . but we are mammals . all mammals can drink milk as infants . some humans have a mutation that lets them drink it as adults . and tbh , if you are n't lactose intolerant it 's not bad for you . not a superfood , but it 's a good source of all three macronutrients .
sure . but we are mammals . all mammals can drink milk as infants . some humans have a mutation that lets them drink it as adults . and tbh , if you are n't lactose intolerant it 's not bad for you . not a superfood , but it 's a good source of all three macronutrients .
we 're not fetal grass plants either , but people still eat grain .
baby cows ... are called calves . edit : people calling calves " baby cows " is a pet peeve of mine for some reason . i know both are correct .
it 's better then the lunch lady giving the kids her breast milk
after the british took it , before that it was new amsterdam because the dutch settled it first
same with new zealand being the , well , new zeeland .
same with new zealand being the , well , new zeeland .
and the word " york " is celtic for the yew tree . so new york means " new yew " maybe when they named it they just wanted a fresh start .
new york is actually named after the duke of york
but what 's a york ?
has sodium chloride been shown to cause cancer in humans ? what about hydrogen hydroxide ?
out of curiosity , how do you prove a negative ?
out of curiosity , how do you prove a negative ?
technically water is a chemical ... does that cause cancer ? its really hot here and im thirsty ... reply quickly friends .
jesus christ , fix that title !
yeah . just give it time ...
when asked his favorite thing about his country , federer said " i do n't know , but our flag 's a big plus . "
do you really need a strong back to open the knife , scissors or can opener ? i just use my thumbnail .
do you really need a strong back to open the knife , scissors or can opener ? i just use my thumbnail .
if golfers with heel spurs can get out of military service why not tennis players with back issues .
" we relieve you of your obligations due to back problems . wink wink . " swiss army .
... 20.67 m in the shot put , 2 olympic trials , 665lb squat . i have asthma : i could n't can n't join the us military .
i think with zoning and licensing laws that 'd either be impossible or at least a pain in the ass .
business model right out of homers playbook
business model right out of homers playbook
if they took the house they would have had to repaint it . there 's probably some issues with profiting off fox 's ip
the fucking hoa probably would n't want anything to do with that shameless plug for r fuckhoa
or just sell immediately , because a house is worth more than 75,000
what goes up must come down .
bullets , not rounds .
bullets , not rounds .
i mean im sure its different in some cases but didnt mythbusters do this test with a bunch of different guns and concluded that the bullet loses the velocity to actually kill anyone on the way down ?
i could of sworn that there was a myth busters episode on this and it was debunked .
here is a comedy song about los angeles : __url__
one of the most chilling scenes from fat man and little boy . i 'm dead .
crazy how reckless they were with that experiment !
crazy how reckless they were with that experiment !
the safety device was the blade of a screwdriver ... i 'm amazed more people did n't die
they go from using a screwdriver and your bare hands to camaras and a bunker a 1 4 mile away . that is a leap .
this core was later used in a weapons test , and it was found that the critical accidents had increased the weapon 's yield . this is some old testament shit , sacrificing human lives to channel the power of a wrathful god .
ah the anjin san ! read the novel shogun , blackthorne is based on adams
and you can play as him in nioh __url__
and you can play as him in nioh __url__
the first weaboo
the game nioh is loosely ( loosely ) based on his story
that 's him over there !
oh , yeah , that .
i like mixing snap caps in with live ammo , then racking the slide several times so that i will n't know whrther or not a live round is in the chamber and putting the gun up to my head and pulling the trigger . have n't died yet .
i like mixing snap caps in with live ammo , then racking the slide several times so that i will n't know whrther or not a live round is in the chamber and putting the gun up to my head and pulling the trigger . have n't died yet .
yes . just do n't ever point a gun at anything you do n't want to die .
my cousin did the same thing . shit himself right in the head . he survived but has the mental ability of a toddler . i 'm sure he wishes he had just died .
or play russian roulette with a semi auto pistol .
hey fellow yrekian !
yo ! i lived in fort jones for a couple years when i was a kid . we 're basically best friends .
yo ! i lived in fort jones for a couple years when i was a kid . we 're basically best friends .
hello fellow siskiyouian !
yreka native here as well ! although i defected to oregon .
wow . i was born there and seeing that name on reddit is really the last thing i would ever expect .
best top scorer .. eh ?
without him we would be a very mediocre to slightly weak team .
without him we would be a very mediocre to slightly weak team .
he has also tied cristiano ronaldo for top goal scorer in world cup qualifying in europe ( 14 ) . both are two away from the top wc qualifying goal scorer overall .
well , thats better than being the worst topscorer in polish history .
the white olisadebe
i believe they could still use the euro . are n't there countries not in the eu that use it ?
there was talk of greece going back to the drachma if they were to exit the eurozone . not sure if that would still count for this , but there you have it .
there was talk of greece going back to the drachma if they were to exit the eurozone . not sure if that would still count for this , but there you have it .
if anything , they will leave the euro , not the eu . so they could reinstate the drachma .
is that ad or bc ? because if it 's bc it probably just about ties with the hebrew shekel .
damn shame what happened to greece . they used to be so good !
too bad ' comedy ' is n't one of them . edit : o
glot
glot
til i have no idea what a trevor noah is
that 's cool ... is he funny in any of them ?
there 's a really good interview he has on fresh air with terry gross and he talks all about this
usually reddit is very quick to blame the parents , so i find the sentiment in this thread refreshing .
he said 2 words
he said 2 words
i mean , if you lay heavily on the " nurture " side of the nature vs nurture debate , you may feel that the parents had some responsibility .
maybe if they bought them guns , or kept their own guns in an insecure location where their children could use them to perpetrate a crime like this .
oh , there 's tons of times where parents are not watching their kids , or do nothing when they 're doing something they should n't . i do n't know what happened in the leadup to know if they should have known this could happen ... i 'd say they did n't ... but yeah .
" you are sheltering enemies of the state , are you not ? " geese sounds coming from floorboards
good . canada geese are flying shit factories that would murder your whole family for a scrap of bread .
good . canada geese are flying shit factories that would murder your whole family for a scrap of bread .
" sully " would have been a really great movie if they included the geese genocide .
it 's like we learn nothing . this is just going to result in more geese joining the cause and taking down more of our airplanes .
canada geese , you fool !
there are legit work at home jobs on the internet ?
so you 're saying there 's a chance
so you 're saying there 's a chance
seems low bth
sounds like work at home scam investigator would be a pretty solid job choice .
so you 're saying that there is a chance
i mean think about it . has anyone ever seen them in the same room ?
this is boaweh to boaweh .. can you hear me out there maahn ?
this is boaweh to boaweh .. can you hear me out there maahn ?
i dunno what y'all'r talking about that 's clearly a picture of frank zappa
he saved the alamo too
that was actually cocaine
i fully agree with you but " you can n't live without enthusiastic energy " does n't make much sense . i kinda have a feeling coke knew what they were doing .
the kid 's got spunk
the kid 's got spunk
moxie ( tm )
like " he 's got a lot of spunk ! " but again , the context , or you 're back talking about spooge .
did n't clarkson eat some " spunk energy pills " when doing the race with the mercedes on top gear ?
wow . 10 friends , huh ? must be nice .
you mean literally any day of the week ?
you mean literally any day of the week ?
i bet your arguments about when and where to go out would be quickly resolved if one of you had a gun ! dictatorships get shit done .
more like 5 friends who always agree with you and 5 people who always disagree with you to agree to the same thing .
i have imaginary friends ... does that count ?
man , come on i had a rough night , and i hate the fucking eagles , man .
i am glad we have laws that say we won t arrest you for doing something bad if it saves lives if it involves drugs . it saves lives on many college campuses .
i am glad we have laws that say we won t arrest you for doing something bad if it saves lives if it involves drugs . it saves lives on many college campuses .
fuck the eagles
is n't it odd that since hugh hefner died , that stereotype he created of the dashing and seductive playboy has been shown to be nothing but creepy old men using drugs and alcohol to ensnare real young girls ?
c'mon now . that 's dirty laundry . s
you could buy houses twice that size for 200 bucks in detroit in 2008 .
not like that , but an okay home where i live .
not like that , but an okay home where i live .
in 1997 , you might be able to , but in a different location . or in 2008 .
you also woulf have to pay taxes on it
lol in sydney you 're looking at 1.5 2 million dollars unless you go 40 60 km away from the city
i can sell you a translation that says the love of money is totally fine .
one used by a mega church , i 'd wager . they probably also believe that the eye of a needle is a small gate into jerusalem .
one used by a mega church , i 'd wager . they probably also believe that the eye of a needle is a small gate into jerusalem .
first translation is most accepted by historians translators , " the love of money is the root source of all evil " .
the buggre alle this bible .
i could tell you that ... for money .
truely the best outcome before he invents the next thing that will change how cities are designed . that crappy scooter was hyped so much and pretty much did not live up to any of it .
no accident . he swerved to avoid a pedestrian .
no accident . he swerved to avoid a pedestrian .
most pretentious suicide ever .
i think he was trying the new prototype flying segway ! it failed badly !
he was just so embarrassed by segways he could n't take it anymore
til there is a common misconception about what this song means .
is this a joke ?
is this a joke ?
i mean the next line is ere , little darlin ' , do n't shed no tears it was pretty obvious to me and i am not a native english speaker
i 've honest to god never heard anyone misconstrue the meaning of the title .
relevant erin
kip thorne then soon found out that other holes are much more common on earth .
hello , i would like to purchase this magazine thank you .
hello , i would like to purchase this magazine thank you .
i wanted to make a reference to a porn magazine that features african american women for a " black holes " joke but i could n't find one in my research .
that smug face says it all .
boy , this stephen hawkings fella sure sounds like an idiot .
then you sir , have not seen enough sonic the hedge hog fan art .
that 's because no one has ever survived seeing an echidna ejaculate .
that 's because no one has ever survived seeing an echidna ejaculate .
you 've got to be echidning me .
challenge accepted .
that " s going on the bucket list .
newton 's 4th law of motion : for every counterfeiting action , there is a vastly disproportionate and deadly reaction .
when their cases went up , he sent them down
when their cases went up , he sent them down
bah dun tsssss
equation of crime and punishment was an integral part of his policy
booooo
when i was a young teenager i downloaded some software to put a mostly naked girl walk around on my desktop . instead of helping me with microsoft word though she wanted me to meet local singles .
sheep.exe may we never forget
sheep.exe may we never forget
i had neko.exe instead , back in the windows 3.1 days . i always liked opening about thirty of them ( strangling the shit out of my 386 in the process ) and turning them all loose on the desktop .
__url__
esheep !
brb building giant bird bath .
wait i remember somewhere in the bible or jesus stories or some shit someone was baptized in a lake ? o . o
wait i remember somewhere in the bible or jesus stories or some shit someone was baptized in a lake ? o . o
but what spell level are they casting at ? i would think such a powerful priestess as mother theresa could have blessed much more at her level .
" holy birble "
is that in the official priest rule book , because that sounds like something version 4 would have . pretty sure that buff was fixed in v5 .
they really should have a category beyond that . " in excess " .
humans are the " invasive species " type .
humans are the " invasive species " type .
it should say , " the fricking dominant species on the planet how didnt you know "
i do n't know , given the way things are going , i think we should have more concern .
you 'd think we 'd be listed at " highest concern " since we 're the ones making everything else go extinct .
funny . i use tonic to cover the taste of my gin
and limes are thrown in the mix to add vitamin c to prevent scurvy , thus the name limeys for british sailors . basically the gin and tonic is the perfect recipe for colonial takeover .
and limes are thrown in the mix to add vitamin c to prevent scurvy , thus the name limeys for british sailors . basically the gin and tonic is the perfect recipe for colonial takeover .
any excuse to add gin to a drink .
god damn i hate gin , dee you bitch !
wow a coincidence i just bought gin and tonic less than an hour ago also do n't have malaria . but can someone eli 5 wtf quinine is and does ?
i can dig it , i once bent my wife over the kitchen counter and railed her because i realized there was still one string cheese left .
i was on r fantheories and found this great theory that in the porn cinematic universe , humans evolved from a bonobo type ancestor which explains why everyone is always having casual sex , from the pizza guy to the taxi drivers everyone 's just boing everyone la de da .
i was on r fantheories and found this great theory that in the porn cinematic universe , humans evolved from a bonobo type ancestor which explains why everyone is always having casual sex , from the pizza guy to the taxi drivers everyone 's just boing everyone la de da .
i want to be a bonobo : )
my wife was watching a documentary about it on pbs .
so , basically , modern people are regressing .
i was an exchange student in yreka about six years back ! really surprised to see it turn up on reddit !
everyone knows everyone in this town ... so i 'm sure i know all of youuu
everyone knows everyone in this town ... so i 'm sure i know all of youuu
hello ! !
my grandparents used to own a house at the outskirts of yreka , and i spent every winter there growing up ! interesting town . shasta is beautiful .
yooo ! i ran a mini golf course there for a summer once ! that place holds a special place in my heart .
this actually makes it a lot more meaningful .
there 's a message in there somewhere about promoting someone to higher responsibilities based on past experience and not based on qualifications .
there 's a message in there somewhere about promoting someone to higher responsibilities based on past experience and not based on qualifications .
then there 's the spin off series about a bear who vows to educate the public about the dangers of forest fires .
the moral of this story was never : " slow and steady wins the race . " the real moral was : " quit procrastinating and get your shit done , or some slow ass , dense motherfucker , who 's always talking shit , is going to come by and steal your fucking job . "
i was surprised to learn just how many nursery rhymes and classic tales such as this one had extremely dark roots .
it 's surprising to us americans because tyrone is a popular african american name .
i find finglas to be quite striking .
i find finglas to be quite striking .
monaghan is an actual surname .
being from there , i 'd love it meet someone called fermanagh .
well they already use kerry as a surname . that 's two counties down already .
me too here ... it 's a hard thing . so many time i had to call into work with a " real sickness " cause i could n't just say i need a mental health day it 's just hard
shut up , wesley .
shut up , wesley .
i 'm not surprised given his dice rolls . i 'd be pretty anxious and depressed too .
way more at the original article by phil plait ( u badastronomer ) that was cited there . __url__
it 's rumored that if you say his name three times he appears .
errr ... no , thank you .
out of all the things that i could 've imagined that i would have seen today , this is definitely not one of them
out of all the things that i could 've imagined that i would have seen today , this is definitely not one of them
i wanted to see the money shot
the dolphin looks extremely pleased with himself ... ( ... and the dead fish of course )
that music and the dolphin 's face hahhahhahahah
there is a middle ground between buying 33 guns in year without raising suspicion and no civilian should be able to own guns . look at sweden for example . lots and lots of guns , very tough regulations . edit : 33 guns in a year
well ideally most cops would n't have guns either .
well ideally most cops would n't have guns either .
the government has tanks . your ar 15 will n't stop a thing .
do you foresee a situation where civilian gun owners use their guns to overthrow the government ? i think any attempt at that would fail before it started . if not , then what are you suggesting ? vigilante justice ? i 'm not convinced that gun ownership is an important right .
are a bunch of citizens going to be organized enough to be able combat the us military ? you would need a majority of the us population for that shitty overused excuse to have guns to work .
scott tenorman must die .
my favourite episode ! . the call back and twist to that in a much later season and episode is pure genius too .
my favourite episode ! . the call back and twist to that in a much later season and episode is pure genius too .
only parker and stone could somehow manage to mix pube jokes and shakespeare and somehow make a masterpiece .
that was a dark episode .
guess i do n't have to finish that episode anymore .
forgoing her needs instead of forgoing his knees .
and we 've already got too many matts and bobs .
and we 've already got too many matts and bobs .
i can n't believe you 've done this .
he ai n't wrong .
jesus christ , reddit .
yep .
yeah , but is n't that a contradiction if the jedi 's view the sith in that light ?
yeah , but is n't that a contradiction if the jedi 's view the sith in that light ?
curry is a sith . steeples fingers ... excellent .
by saying that , are n't the jedi dealing in absolutes ?
you saw sith like it is a bad thing :)
deaths of celebrities by a stingray barb to the heart dropped 100 after this , and have remained that low ever since . i think it 's fair to say that the stingrays got the message loud and clear . 9 4 ... never forget ! ( 4 september , outside the u . s . )
i 'm pretty sure amy winehouse got capped by a ray .
i 'm pretty sure amy winehouse got capped by a ray .
janay palmer was badly beaten by a ray .
you will n't be hurting anyone anymore
legend .
... and he collapsed over dead at 32 . i 'm 35 and i ate a whole pizza last night .
but , the us government has that pyramid that tells you 50 of your diet should be this stuff . we all grew up taught that we should eat all the carbs .
but , the us government has that pyramid that tells you 50 of your diet should be this stuff . we all grew up taught that we should eat all the carbs .
yeah , well , i avoid kung fu when ever i can . getting kicked in my fat gut does nothing for my body .
because rice is n't just carby empty calories .
he 's dead and never tried pizza and chips and cake and cookies and brownies . too bad .
holy shit , i 'm from ky but that is hilarious .
virginia has them too , they look like this
virginia has them too , they look like this
__url__
as someone from the cincinnati area , ... well ... fuck . sigh
not to split hairs , but ohio ranks first in the nation for heroin overdose deaths .
stolen or not , i do n't think a stand up bit is really " voicing his opinion . "
why are we just focusing on the fact that he steal jokes ? are n't we going to comment on what a whale he is ? oh wait , is just a female comedian thing ?
why are we just focusing on the fact that he steal jokes ? are n't we going to comment on what a whale he is ? oh wait , is just a female comedian thing ?
lol . funny because it 's true !
ah , good old unfunny ned .
is he still out there stealing jokes ?
every person i 've met that has n't tried a bidet : " that 's so weird , i do n't know if i 'd even try it if i had the opportunity . " those same people after having tried a bidet : " i need one of these in my bathroom now . "
i 've spent a lot of time in italy ... everyone i know there uses it to wash their feet after a day at beach or walking around in flip flops .
i 've spent a lot of time in italy ... everyone i know there uses it to wash their feet after a day at beach or walking around in flip flops .
this is the standard bidet in argentina , much superior to the european ones , really . it 's basically a shower for your bumhole .
team toto washlet ! life changer . wiping our asses with paper until we pretty much dont see poop anymore and calling it clean has got to be the stupidest routine thing we do each day in america .
so how do you properly use a bidet ? i assume it gets your bits all wet . what do you use to dry ?
everyone 's afraid of going blind ...
right ? how would they even assemble a control group ?
right ? how would they even assemble a control group ?
i 've ran into a few guys that hold the idea that a married man would masturbate is appalling . clearly that 's the wife 's job , whether she 's in the mood , or physically away when the urge occurs .
r nofap
depression ?
if you need to do several u substitutions in a row , i imagine that would be very challenging to do in your head ,
this is literally asinine . algebra and calculus are two completely different branches of mathematics . that 's like saying topology is arithmetic . edit : considering there are plenty of integrals that have no algebraic solution , i would not generalize integrals as trivial .
this is literally asinine . algebra and calculus are two completely different branches of mathematics . that 's like saying topology is arithmetic . edit : considering there are plenty of integrals that have no algebraic solution , i would not generalize integrals as trivial .
that is one way of approaching calc i guess . just memorize all the possible calculus identifies and do strictly algebraic manipulations to arrive at your answer ... my personal favorite is numeric analysis approach to calculus ( literally just measure area and slopes ) .
just because your calc prof gave you questions which let you just apply some theorems , does n't mean all of calculus consists of this . most integrals are very very hard to compute
this is like saying all of math is arithmetic . or , a step further , set theory . it 's wrong in any significant sense and displays an rudimentary understanding of maths .
as a result duck dicks have evolved into highly efficient rape tentacles .
ducks have a way of shutting that whole thing down
ducks have a way of shutting that whole thing down
watched this in a park once . three males kept trying to drown a female to get their way with her . absolutely horrifying to witness and have no idea how she did n't drown with how many times she was gasping for air if she managed to surface .
wait ... you 're telling me their bodies actually have a way of shutting that down ?
life is n't weird . life is just what works .
i wonder if that 's actually healthier for you in the long run than the 33 grams of sugar you get in a can today .
mind you , back then your basic nyquil equivalent was opium ...
mind you , back then your basic nyquil equivalent was opium ...
what is that ? a bump ?
back in the good old days .
ah , the good old days .
i knew it ! frodo kills dumblydorf ! !
if they can pull this off , then i definitely want to read this .
if they can pull this off , then i definitely want to read this .
i wonder who smeagol ends up being ? dobby ?
asia at its best . ref : __url__
china where copyright is actually two words copy right
had no idea that geico was an acronym for government employees insurance company .
eli 5 ?
eli 5 ?
i believe that term is called " fuck you money "
howard hughes was staying one night at a motel , and the motel light was flashing off and on much of the night . he bought the place on the spot from the owner and had the light shut off . after firing the motel manager ...
revenge , buffet style .
the bigger problem is people are rewarded with jobs with different responsibilities , not just more . being skilled at a particular task does not necessarily mean you 're good at supervising others at that task , for example .
at my company , to be considered for a promotion , you have to already be doing the tasks of that position .
at my company , to be considered for a promotion , you have to already be doing the tasks of that position .
yea but the problem with that is soon management will see that lesser paid people are doing those job roles so why promote them give them a raise etc . since they are already doing the job .
but why promote them if they can handle the responsibilities in their current position ?
dude , just heck off with this logical thought process and ideal scenario ..
sudo kill 9 7422
already in process : they 've sent in the trump .
already in process : they 've sent in the trump .
holy shit i need to go sit down after reading this thread
deja vu
i 'm picturing the purple reset bar of a snes and 7422 is the game cartridge
b a n a n a s ! ! ! for the record i 'm singing , not correcting your spelling error .
an apple a day ...
an apple a day ...
new mexico something something
this comment deserves gold .
dad !
i 've always wondered why my dogs " sneeze " at each other when play fighting
yeah , the dog in the other video was nervous as shit . that 's the noise my dogs make when they want to leave the veterinarian 's office .
yeah , the dog in the other video was nervous as shit . that 's the noise my dogs make when they want to leave the veterinarian 's office .
one of my dogs does this a lot , she makes a huffing sound while playing . never occurred to me it was like laughing , but i love the idea .
my dog does the laughing noise , but i watched the video anyways . this caused my 70 lb pitbull to climb in my lap and start laughing
my dog does this all the time and i had no idea it was a happy thing . he 's a pretty happy go lucky guy , so it 's not terribly surprising , but i 'm kind of touched that he " laughs " so often .
here 's a bonus pic ... different day , different angle . __url__
grand haven is so pretty . been meaning to go to the musical fountain .
grand haven is so pretty . been meaning to go to the musical fountain .
in response to your comment about not being able to see across the great lakes : niagara falls as seen from toronto __url__
to be fair , some time you can see chicago given the right position of the sun at sunset . like a camera obscura , but , like , not .
ha , you can n't even see across lake erie . why would people think you can ?
a work being a product of its time is such a strange criticism in r classicalmusic .
yes , some of the language and music are anachronistic , but can n't the same thing be said of a lot of classical pieces as well ?
yes , some of the language and music are anachronistic , but can n't the same thing be said of a lot of classical pieces as well ?
is this not true for literally everything ?
you want a musical that lyrically and musically is very much a product of its time ? chess . does n't stop it from being 100 pure awesome , though .
i 've always ignored most of it , except for the beautiful song everything 's alright
" we meant this town can serve as proof that there can be frost in florida . "
that was a dad joke when i was growing up . we 'd drive through frostproof on family vacations and dad would announce " hey , kids , we 're in frostproof . and it ai n't , ya know . " yeah we know thanks dad .
that was a dad joke when i was growing up . we 'd drive through frostproof on family vacations and dad would announce " hey , kids , we 're in frostproof . and it ai n't , ya know . " yeah we know thanks dad .
the winter has n't affected the orange harvest .
frostmourne hungers .
they legally had to change the name of the town to frostresistant to avoid a rotten fruit fight .
that looked better than i expected . they still made the right call though .
t rex has that stanky leg going on .
t rex has that stanky leg going on .
wow , that is fantastic .
looks like those old hercules classic monster movies from the 60 70 ' s
that actually looks very good
legend goes that schr dinger developed his eponymous equation when he took his mistress out for a two week vacation in a villa in the swiss alps . presumably one of the most important scientific developments of the 20th century was put together between marathon bang sessions .
the glass is not half empty or half full , it is merely a superposition of both full and empty with an average value of 1 2
the glass is not half empty or half full , it is merely a superposition of both full and empty with an average value of 1 2
goddamn thank god . i 've been waging a one man war against people talking about schrodinger 's cat for years . people just talk about it to sound smart . it has no bearing in what anybody does , except quantum physicists .
the absurdity lies purely in man 's extrapolation of filling in the details between points of mathematical probabilities .
even great scientists can have their minds blown by the science they do themselves . did n't einstein push back on quantum randomness even though he discovered the photo electric effect ? i guess they are human too .
i believe prisoners of war had different standards of living than concentration camps due to international law , but i could be wrong .
it varied on the prisoners race british and white american prisoners were treated well because they were " aryan " . the russian prisoners , black american and black french soldiers were usually tortured , starved , shot , used for slave labour , or sent to gas chambers .
it varied on the prisoners race british and white american prisoners were treated well because they were " aryan " . the russian prisoners , black american and black french soldiers were usually tortured , starved , shot , used for slave labour , or sent to gas chambers .
trading prisoners is an important part of war . so , treating your prisoners well is a great way to keep them alive and content .
the luftwaffe had special camps for enemy airmen in order to avoid reprisals from allied forces against them if they were ever captured . if you were from the good race ( i . e . not soviet ) then you would be safe and protected by the international law .
these were not slavic or jewish prisoners . british and americans were subject to traditional pow treatment .
there 's a post where a guy linked to an album of photos he took while on a sub . it looked pretty crazy , and a little gay . ( he said this : " a little gay , you know , just navy gay " )
who cummed in the clean towels ? i swear when i find him ...
who cummed in the clean towels ? i swear when i find him ...
butt play ?
most submariners are older . it take a lot of work to get on one .
cold showers , sea sick , tiny beds
disturbingly relevant
that shit aint got nothing on cambodian stuff ... the bestest of breast milks __url__
that shit aint got nothing on cambodian stuff ... the bestest of breast milks __url__
swiss anglo cows ? ? ?
if my cows are n't aryan , then they 're being made into burgers at the first opportunity i get .
they had it tested . it 's dog milk . we do n't even want to know how or where they get it . but it 's dog milk .
i wanted to say " wow , he 's a dick " but then i realized that he 's a nazi , so " being a dick " should be the default assessment until proven otherwise .
i 'd have to think the commission is gonna frown on that sort of behavior .
i 'd have to think the commission is gonna frown on that sort of behavior .
if you have a system that allows , or even mandates , such behaviour , what do you expect ? our laws need to be better than we are .
what the fuck ? ? why bother ? just shoot them dead , do n't waste your time like that .
if that was n't bad enough , he apparently also frequently enjoyed kicking and killing babies from the arriving transports .
who do they think they are , the united states ?
putin , not russia . well , same now .
putin , not russia . well , same now .
anyone wondering if the chemical attack on syria is under similar pretense ? i have become jaded
your title makes it sound as though it is 100 confirmed to be a false flag , but it is still currently a consipiracy theory . it 's literally as if i made a til saying " til bush did 9 11 "
rule 4 : no politics agenda pushing
i have experienced this , but to me it feels more like i can sense the intelligence inherent in the universe , rather than numerous beings .
theres also a very particular sound i ... experienced when entering into the dmt space . a very particular pitch or vibration that 's all encompassing . almost every single time . apparently thats also common .
theres also a very particular sound i ... experienced when entering into the dmt space . a very particular pitch or vibration that 's all encompassing . almost every single time . apparently thats also common .
sounds like the gremlins from wwii .
i thought they said we were n't supposed to discuss that to other people ...
if i 'm reading it correctly , the ayahuasca vine contains alkaloids that allow the dmt in other plants to be used orally and still have potency , so they boil it all together and you still ralph but then you 're trippin ' balls
but those are mallards in the thumbnail ...
til swans can also be ducks .
til swans can also be ducks .
gay behavior has been observed broadly in the animal kingdom . and i do n't mean just the disney park .
damn obama . you could n't just stop at the frogs ...
can i be gay too ?
nsfw for thumbnail
can i call out of work with this ?
can i call out of work with this ?
so was aspergers , or seasonal effective disorder . lot 's of things come and go from the dsm .
sorry sir but you have mastutbation . take these wipes and this bible .
and what , after 1968 it was no longer treatable ?
... was he ?
god laughed really hard that day .
god laughed really hard that day .
when you bullshit people so much , you believe your own bullshit
... and for this , we still talk about him to this very day ... making him immortalized ( at least in some poetic sense ) .
as he accelerated towards the lava , his last thought was " i 've made a huge mistake " .
and other people 's children who have compromised immune systems . and adults behind on their booster shots .
sacrificing children is an age old technique to grow more crops .
sacrificing children is an age old technique to grow more crops .
god damn , they are the biggest heroes of our time .
and so , the moloch worship continues
it 's a darwinian miracle !
it tried .
the states were supposed to be similar to countries , but since everyone is so concerned about determining what people they ve never met do with their lives , america found ways to expand federal power rather than state power .
the states were supposed to be similar to countries , but since everyone is so concerned about determining what people they ve never met do with their lives , america found ways to expand federal power rather than state power .
what kind of patriot are you son ?
that 's because the us has only existed for like 200 years .
almost did with articles of confederation .
when tubthumping was knocked off the charts , chumbawumba never did get back up again on the charts
what i always hated about tubthumping that song is far and away the worst song on that album .
what i always hated about tubthumping that song is far and away the worst song on that album .
they have a song called " enough is enough " that 's really catchy but also advocates murdering fascists . __url__
1998 brit awards john prescott and chumbawamba was another rather well known moment in their careers .
pissing the night away .
except in the navy , where people are promoted based on still being there , rather than performance
there 's also the dilbert principle , which states that companies promote incompetent employees to management , where they can do less damage .
there 's also the dilbert principle , which states that companies promote incompetent employees to management , where they can do less damage .
once they 've hit that level , they 've " petered out "
me , i just get more duties without the promotion ...
in my experience , promotions are based on your visibility to the people giving the promotions . merit based would be nice , but human nature being what it is , it 's not in the cards .
she also took a high school acting class taught by jon hamm in st louis
everyone is forgetting that erin 's first name in the office is actually kelly
everyone is forgetting that erin 's first name in the office is actually kelly
kate and rooney mara are also from a billionaire family .
welcome to hollywood , the land of extreme nepotism . i love how half these people think its just random coincidence that literally half of hollywood is the children of billionaires or previously successful people in the industry .
maria : aye caramba kimmy : we all caramba , maria .
i can eel it , comming in the air tonight .
deep insiiiide the sea .
deep insiiiide the sea .
you know the eels , and so do i
i 'm high on be eel ing ...
like when they drag you into their rape caves ?
that guy served no time in jail , and then they gave him back his license . haha , that 'll teach him .
... as reported by his extremely religious brother
... as reported by his extremely religious brother
i wonder what the argument was that convinced him it was okay for him to die . was it a threat or just a good rational reason why ?
" pierson pled guilty to one count of vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence . he was sentenced to one year of probation and 300 hours of community service , and his driver 's license was suspended for two years . " need i say more . justice is blind and fickle .
car he died in is fairly rare 1989 turbo trans am . i ran a 12.9 second quarter mile in mine on drag radials in 2003 . those things were are insanely fast for 80 ' s tech .
this sounds like the plot of an 80 ' s sci fi movie .
" did you hear ! ? there 's a chiarizard in the military arsenal ! " " wow ! that does n't sound like a lie designed to make me get in trouble at all ! " " yeah ! and even if it is , it 's totally worth being shot on sight for ! "
" did you hear ! ? there 's a chiarizard in the military arsenal ! " " wow ! that does n't sound like a lie designed to make me get in trouble at all ! " " yeah ! and even if it is , it 's totally worth being shot on sight for ! "
i went to japan to talk to them about pokemon and make sure that it was n't a method for them to use kids to find routes of infiltration in an upcoming attack on the united states . they assured me that i have a very large penis .
i wonder if it was just foreign spies using it as an excuse when they got caught .
probably a bunch of students from radford university
was her plan all along .
i 've seen her muff . that 's weird .
i 've seen her muff . that 's weird .
from mrs kennedy to jackie o . but i think she never stopped loving jfk .
femme fatale .
are you suggesting foul play ?
veep is so good . i m eating so much pussy i m shitting clits , is one of my favourite lines ever .
hands down . i 'm not in dc but worked on campaigns for years . politics is veep .
hands down . i 'm not in dc but worked on campaigns for years . politics is veep .
we 've got arrested development 's bluth family in the currently in the white house . " there 's a good chance i may have committed some light treason "
yeah . it 's portrayal of petty petty people stumbling their way through shit and rarely even caring about the effect of their jobs is apparently dead on .
i also read that many doctors thought scrubs was closer to their lives than most medical dramas . apparently everyone thinks their life is a comedy .
yreka is the shasta name for mt . shasta . it means north mountain .
you know nothing , jon snow .
you know nothing , jon snow .
also worth noting , that there is a yreka , and there is a eureka . and both are fairly close . and by fairly i mean they are both in northern california near the oregon border .
wow i was pronouncing this as " yir ee kah " in my head the whole time .
thank you very much for this , now it will n't be " yuh wrecka " for me lol
same with guyana too . this is because after the slave trade ended these colonies went on to try and attract poor indians to come work on fields as indentured servants . they mixed with the freed african slaves and created a very unusual english accent whilst doing it .
i was bout to be like nicki was never the yellow power ranger bruh .
i was bout to be like nicki was never the yellow power ranger bruh .
welp guess i need to go to trinidad .
i thought she was a bad bitch from sri lanka
i 've been told by a person from the islands that the adjective is " trinbagonian " which i think is pretty neat .
live in vegas unfiltered tap water basically tastes like chlorine .
from phoenix , arizona . i will n't even give my dog the tap water it tastes that bad .
from phoenix , arizona . i will n't even give my dog the tap water it tastes that bad .
houston here and our tap water smells like a day at the public pool . all the chlorine and urine you can drink !
socal tap water was practically flavorless and tasted about the same as licking the air . nj ny tap water is amazingly good though .
i 'm in fort worth and i only drink tap water . i do n't find anything wrong with it tbh .
did n't he score 10 podiums with lotus ?
i expected to see grosjean s picture
i expected to see grosjean s picture
thanks to u skulldetta for making me realize this . incredible .
atleast he won 2 races.unlike jarrier who never won any due to his massive bad luck .
amazing 40 years later he still races
accidentally got some polonium on his peanut butter sandwich , huh ? it seems it 's that or they fall down an elevator shaft onto some bullets .
so it is n't just america which conducts false flag operations to further otherwise unpalatable political agendas . who knew ?
so it is n't just america which conducts false flag operations to further otherwise unpalatable political agendas . who knew ?
if the russian government had ignored him he would have simply been another conspiracy nut since his murder adds legitimacy to his claims . just why else would a state murder one of it 's own .
remember , no russian
there 's a whole website with a load of evidence , reports and data on the whole litvinenko russian thing . have a google if you 're interested . there 's so much more to it than litvinenko 's assassination .
and jeff sessions is looking to further bolster the prison industry by bringing back harsher mandatory minimums . the man is one of the most ass backwards attorney generals in history .
as a black redditor i am not sure i wanna the read the comments here when this blows up lol ... smh
as a black redditor i am not sure i wanna the read the comments here when this blows up lol ... smh
end the drug war and stop the privatizing of prisons , hurd what i saaaid ?
african americans make up 13 of the total us population and 40 of the total prison population .
yes , the private prison industry is very lucrative and has a powerful lobby . ( also : racism . ) the new jim crow is a great read on this topic .
recycled farts
dont forget , sleeping on top of motorized bombs and sometimes down the hall from tall world ending rockets ...
dont forget , sleeping on top of motorized bombs and sometimes down the hall from tall world ending rockets ...
all air is recycled air though , is n't it ?
you think ships are n't pressurized using recycled air ?
yeah so glad i got out before i became a nuke , i discovered my recruiter conned me into subs and wouldn t let me just sign up for ships . i ve heard the conditions are terrible especially for females .
100 true . or they like male attention and the girls know what shes doing and dont like her for that . either way shes bad news .
although i always get worried when i hear that too , i have met a few women in my life who say that and are n't horrible . to me the , " i just do n't get along with women " thing is less of an indicator of crazy than say , " i just do n't get along with people . "
although i always get worried when i hear that too , i have met a few women in my life who say that and are n't horrible . to me the , " i just do n't get along with women " thing is less of an indicator of crazy than say , " i just do n't get along with people . "
i disagree , my wife is like that , and she says girls bring more drama , always blaming men for their issues , she says it 's like a hive mind were you have to believe xyz as a woman and any variation means you are a hater .
i know two girls like this , they are both great people . one of them is my girlfriend for 5 years and the other is just a good friend . some girls just don t like living in a soap opera and hearing people gossip all day and rather just play some videogames .
i do n't have women friends and no , i 'm not a massive cunt .
tippett stop motions out off the set .
" why do n't you stop motion yourself on out of here . "
" why do n't you stop motion yourself on out of here . "
" yeah , i 'm going to be stealing that one , phil . "
it 's interesting though . obviously there are still complete stop motion movies , but stop motion inside live action movies is gone ( as far as i know ) .
more like " haha , ok you can stay . "
throwing roof tiles was a popular tactic in greek roman urban fighting .
the first recorded instance of a helicopter parent .
the first recorded instance of a helicopter parent .
i 'm having dark souls flashbacks .
and this is where the phrase , " dead tiled " comes from
this is the guy that the word pyrrhic came from right ? as in a effort that caused required more harm than it 's success caused benefits . probably because of a different story though ?
" we raised 340 cigarettes and a shank made from a toothbrush " but seriously , that 's pretty impressive . i 've had coworkers give a 2 week notice and nobody made an effort to do anything for them before they left .
anyone know the story well enough to explain what he did to win the hearts of those people ?
anyone know the story well enough to explain what he did to win the hearts of those people ?
tobias ?
make that man a biopic staring david cross .
tobias funke , dr . , actor and prison warden .
go dawgs !
how do you get a tree to file taxes though
how do you get a tree to file taxes though
yep . it 's a tree . next to finley st .
this seems important if true .
it 's also on a crazy road . go dawgs .
my grandfather had gout something terrible , as well as parkinson 's . exception to every rule i suppose !
i first had gout when i was 27 . i have had 2 flare ups since , i am now 31 . it hurts . especially when i stubbed my toe on a stair .
i first had gout when i was 27 . i have had 2 flare ups since , i am now 31 . it hurts . especially when i stubbed my toe on a stair .
i just got over a battle with the gout .
yeaaa ! ouch . yea ! ouch .
handy !
come on i loved her , the fact that she was so oblivious , innocent , and almost plastic really made the viewing experience better for me .
i thought she was great . the way her character was written kinda sucked though .
i thought she was great . the way her character was written kinda sucked though .
hello ! i m shelley duvall
i mean to be fair she is the worst part of the movie
how ?
" and where are the japanese coming from ? what is that ? did n't we drop two bombs on them a couple years ago ? what was in those bombs ? fertiliser ? " andrew " dice " clay
that is what happens when radioactive tentacle monsters get loose in a city full of japanese school girls .
that is what happens when radioactive tentacle monsters get loose in a city full of japanese school girls .
meanwhile in detroit ...
are we to assume some rabbit esque happenings or is migration from other cities already counted in the baseline ?
the population of berlin is still below pre wwii levels , i have been told once .
plus that one time that native american guy tried to tap the tainted water supply . luckily murtaugh and riggs were able to stop him , though .
hey i drive by that thing thumbnail like once a week . i used to want to ride dwn it like a waterslide
hey i drive by that thing thumbnail like once a week . i used to want to ride dwn it like a waterslide
' forget it , jake . it 's chinatown '
detroit should do this ! we control the water ... for now .
chinatown
only one hand , and he still got 2 hits in 21 at bats . probably better than i could get .
if you are going to praise someone , at least get their name right .
if you are going to praise someone , at least get their name right .
here he is pitching the last out of his no hitter . and here is a clip of him getting a hit at the plate .
as a baseball player i can comment on the fact that this is so crazy . you gotta catch and throw with the same hand .
the drummer from def leppard 's only got one arm .
don rosa . as i got older don rosa was the only donald comics i would read , but he was simply amazing . the difference in story , style and art makes it seem like another comic all together .
the carl barks stories is the benchmark most of them try to hit .
the carl barks stories is the benchmark most of them try to hit .
i think the life and times of scrooge mcduck was , at the very least , all family if not geared towards adults . same goes for the rest of don rosa 's work .
basically read the life and times of scrooge and the old castles new secret ( a letter from home ) by don rosa to understand it .
donald duck investigates date rape
ungrateful little shit
__url__ this link might give viewers a better review
__url__ this link might give viewers a better review
superman for the n64 was equally as bad as et was for the atari . absolute garbage game .
c'mon man
solve my maze , you little bitch ! ! ! do it ! ! !

the anti trump subs have a huge of bots . they are n't programmed to be grammar nazis , just literal nazis .
the anti trump subs have a huge of bots . they are n't programmed to be grammar nazis , just literal nazis .
because of negative press covfefe
no outsourcing ... to " correct and serve " , however , if you see it online leave people alone to write as they want ! otherwise get a classroom ! since most people definatly find the word nazi offensive ... try grammerpolice ... to correct and serve , get it ?
hahahahahaha , long as they are bitching about something , then they 're happy it seems .
soon to be known as " retail credit agency " following some congressional testimony .
they shouldn t be a company at all anymore .
they shouldn t be a company at all anymore .
good listen . __url__
it used to be called propaganda , it 's been rebranded as public relations .
i feel like this is why time warner cable is now called spectrum
orkish wisdom clearly shows that his mistake was in not using enough dakka .
yeah , i hate rngs too .
yeah , i hate rngs too .
picture of the gun __url__
" goddammit ! okay your highness , stay right there , lemme just reload real quick . " 14 minutes later " alright , prepare to meet your mak where 'd everybody go ? "
when you come at the king , you best not miss
i 'm just glad your username is not " your going 2getbanned " .
my getting banned ?
my getting banned ?
my what ?
his what ? ?
you would fuck up the grammar .
i remember reading they actually did this back then to help acquire the trans atlantic accent or some such .
that 's what the guy who played shaggy did . he got laryngitis .
that 's what the guy who played shaggy did . he got laryngitis .
or had someone punch her in the throat .
i wonder who knows more about voice acting ... random redditor or an actual actress ... hmmm
" you gotta spend hours screaming in a closet to get it like this . hours ! "
that 's literally the last thing he would have wanted ...
when reading this title , i was very impressed that stingrays had the capacity to organize a series of revenge killings . i was also wondering who else they killed , and how they knew mankind was responsible for mutilating their kind .
when reading this title , i was very impressed that stingrays had the capacity to organize a series of revenge killings . i was also wondering who else they killed , and how they knew mankind was responsible for mutilating their kind .
i 'm so dumb , literally when i read this i thought that the stringrays were mad at the stringray that killed steve . so they just went on a rampage killing their own .
i think i know who did it !
that 's because the australian population is descended from criminals
xbox one trackmania turbo tales from borderlands complete season . xbox 360 nights into dreams deadfall adventures .
trackmania looks fun , already own tales from the borderlands . its a good game for those who do n't own it .
trackmania looks fun , already own tales from the borderlands . its a good game for those who do n't own it .
tales from the borderlands is one of the better telltale games . very good story . not serious emotional like the walking dead series , but very funny .
yes ! i 've been contemplating buying trackmania turbo for a long time and now i do n't have to !
you 'd think the x was n't coming out next month with that lineup .
or else pizza is gonna send out for you .
this needs to be much more highly upvoted .
this needs to be much more highly upvoted .
what a country !
sounds like someone has never passed out while waiting on the delivery guy to show . very responsible !
in capitalist us pizza come to you !
embellished ( and often flat out fictional ) accounts of his life appeal to delusional people who think the world has screwed them over .
yeah , his new cars are super cool and efficient i 've heard .
yeah , his new cars are super cool and efficient i 've heard .
well , there would n't be many people on the internet right now if it were n't for alternating current .
i honestly think they view him as anti social and weird and they relate to that more . in the david v goliath of smart scientist vs evil douchebag monology i hate le capitalism ... it 's no wonder who reddit likes .
nikola tesla was barely a scientist , he was an engineer .
enjoy maccabi tel aviv away you cunts
nah bayern will just come third in their group so they can dick you 10 2 again in the round of 32 .
nah bayern will just come third in their group so they can dick you 10 2 again in the round of 32 .
europa league isnt easy
still expect you to somehow draw bayern
fuck , so many teams i 'm gonna know nothing about .
are n't they ?
simmer down meatbag
simmer down meatbag
i read a thing on dunbar 's number once where they touch on this thing that made me double take on this . basically that its not how many people you can keep alive but the quality of life left for those that do .
they 're definitely not special . what did you do today , eat a chicken sandwich ?
our population is dependent on the market .
or did the baby survive the accident ?
well , she was only in there for 8 months , so ...
well , she was only in there for 8 months , so ...
that s one hell of a good ornament .
the accident caused her pregnancy .
im buck ... and i 'm here to fuck
why does n't that make a good play ? that 's a serious question .
so his arms were n't broken
so his arms were n't broken
i mean the original stage production was evidently rather popular ...
the movie " oedipus rex " from 1957 is pretty awesome , imo . it also sports the amusing trivia that william shatner plays a minor role in it .
there 's a pretty good movie from the 1950s which is largely just a filmed play .
while i 'm no authority on this , humans are listed as " least concern " . so it 's most likely the latter .
every animal fits on the spectrum .
every animal fits on the spectrum .
every animal is on the spectrum .
that is correct .
really none of my concern .
" ok , ok , we can do the secret passage no problem . i just do n't understand why ? " " so we can sneak into each other 's room to play n64 ! gosh ! "
if i was a king , of course i 'd have a secret passage to my homeboys crib . does n't mean i 'm going to suck his cawk .
if i was a king , of course i 'd have a secret passage to my homeboys crib . does n't mean i 'm going to suck his cawk .
late nights , working on the bible .
who built that ? and how did that not get passed around as gossip ? it 's not like they had ndas and subcontract agreements
there 's so much more room for activities
that sucks
blackberry or blueberry jam ?
blackberry or blueberry jam ?
literally got the life sucked out of him
not a bad way to go
he came and went at the same time ?
google " let a hundred flowers blossom " . mao used the same concept 60 years ago .
remember tiananmen square ?
remember tiananmen square ?
1989 stuff
for once something is actually 1984 when someone says " that 's 1984 stuff right there "
ama request from person who filed for protest ... oh wait , never mind .
hahah sorry , i meant was amazing that day . second language mistake .
hes 's not dead jim
hes 's not dead jim
do n't say this . i was on reddit when the moment alan rickman was mentioned , then the next 3 4 days later , he was dead . damn you reddit , you have taken another one from us .
yet
if anything it s more likely charlie sheen would be dead . as it is patrice o neal is the dead one .
i 've heard from the older generations that going to the airport was a lot different back then . you would basically dress like you were going to church .
no shirt , no shoes , no service .
no shirt , no shoes , no service .
but how did they end up the second blowpipers on the grassy knoll ?
he was such a fucking bad ass .
british people are dicks . source : am british
brilliant scientist and atheist
scholar , athiest , memelord richard dawkins
scholar , athiest , memelord richard dawkins
why i cringe at it being used to describe any kind of post online
survival of the dankest .
obligatory nightmare fuel .
the iron price
johnson ! you blew it ! ! !
johnson ! you blew it ! ! !
seaman staines , quarterdeck .
seaman swallow sitrep !
lol had a shipmate last name danes hated to be called seaman stains
that 's incredible . can n't believe i have n't heard of this before .
this 1997 study explains that no other vertebrates exhibit polyembryony , on p . 132 .
this 1997 study explains that no other vertebrates exhibit polyembryony , on p . 132 .
does this mean that each time these armadillos reproduce , they will produce four of the same sex ? so four females on one hit , then four males ? what 's their breeding cycle like ? does this cause an imbalance in available partners ? i have so many questions ...
if these armadillos gave birth to five identical quintuplets , they would be awesome at genetic yahtzee .
they are also the only other natural host to mycobacterium leprae ( the bacteria responsible for leprosy hansen 's disease ) other than humans .
because everyone is freaking out : this seal is not extinct .
reading the article , this happened in 1892 .
reading the article , this happened in 1892 .
they did n't go extinct so no harm no foul . ) anyways , people carry on about humans now look at us back then . this species was thought to be extinct . let 's kill them all so we can mount them for display !
that seems worse than killing all eight . leaving one all alone ( for all the smithsonian knew ) mourning their whole family . actually , that seems like a great setup for a revenge movie .
what astounds me about this story is , " why did n't the smithsonian expedition leave at least two seals a male and a female to at least give them a fighting chance to beat extinction ? "
c u l t u r a l v i c t o r y
holy shit ! i did n't think that was real at first .
holy shit ! i did n't think that was real at first .
back when pizza hut tastes good .
i be he really ate that up .
" the dankest timeline " tm strikes again .
had the same budget as superman n64 i believe
superman directed by tim burton with nicholas cage would of been something to see though .
superman directed by tim burton with nicholas cage would of been something to see though .
__url__ about nicholas cage and his movie choices
considered ? cast and screen tested mang .
battlestar galactica fan here . feel the same way . it 's a shame they stopped production halfway through season 3 .
i know . but it 's not really germane to the factoid , and i have a 300 character limit .
it is not illegal to prescribe to women of child bearing age . a woman of child bearing age who takes thalidomide should take multiple forms of contraception and get regular pregnancy tests , though .
it is not illegal to prescribe to women of child bearing age . a woman of child bearing age who takes thalidomide should take multiple forms of contraception and get regular pregnancy tests , though .
i think my mom took this . she had multiple myeloma but due to her age , she lost her fight .
so it keeps the livings limbs attached , and prevents babies from having limbs at all
it blows my mind that leprosy is still a thing .
may she outlive her eldest son .
survive as long as possible i like your face on my 20 bills
survive as long as possible i like your face on my 20 bills
why must the republicans complain every single time the monarchy comes up when no one else really cares at all ?
happy birthday if you 're read this , u queenelizabeth .
i , anotherbentknee , do swear that i will be faithful and bear true allegiance to her majesty queen elizabeth the second , queen of canada , her heirs and successors . so help me god .
the only thing wrong is that humanity has forcably bred far more dogs than they were willing to accomodate . they just do what has to be done , if they would n't , nature would , and that 's even less pretty .
if there is a a dog with a problem or it 's old and no one adopts it then it 's just stuck there in a cage until it dies
if there is a a dog with a problem or it 's old and no one adopts it then it 's just stuck there in a cage until it dies
to you , perhaps . killing an animal is far more ethical than forcing it to suffer . of course an alternative is preferable , but that is n't the discussion .
would you rather have highly over populated shelters with under fed and violent dogs ?
so you think it 's best to let the animals suffer ? and that does n't sound wrong to you ?
he says time , but i get the reference . underrated comment .
r rickandmorty is leaking again . someone call a plumb us er .
r rickandmorty is leaking again . someone call a plumb us er .
one of the funniest scenes in the entire series imo , and that is saying a lot
thank you for not grovelling for the upvotes hahahaha . not that you give a fuck . but dat shit vas funny
of course you do n't give a fuck , existance is pain
gen . howard : alas , i have lost my fapping hand gen . kearney : ah , i too had the misfortune to lose my preferred hand ... gen . howard : are ... are you thinking what i 'm thinking ? ... gen . kearney : ... no eye contact
around 640,000 men died in the civil war with many more wounded and limbless . this resulted in many widows and unmarried women after the war . the first vibrator was invented in 1869 by a dr . granville ( steam powered ) .
around 640,000 men died in the civil war with many more wounded and limbless . this resulted in many widows and unmarried women after the war . the first vibrator was invented in 1869 by a dr . granville ( steam powered ) .
wait . we can just take a joke someone said once and make it a til ? til mitch hedburg said rice is great when you 're hungry and want to eat 10,000 of something .
gen philip kearny seems to be an all right guy .
lord uxbridge was beside wellington at the battle of waterloo when a shot took off his leg . " by god , sir , i 've lost my leg , " to which wellington replied " by god , sir , so you have . " probably not really , but wellington was known for being cool under fire .
are you saying that felipe will be driving in 2020 2021 ?
so a whole of two times . thanks for this fact
so a whole of two times . thanks for this fact
at least massa did n't get smaller , each time .
does this mean that if massa went back to sauber , v10 ' s would come back also ? ?
did you get this stat from crofty ?
does n't seem quite so spontaneous after like the 8th time .
read the wiki article on albert fish edit : fish not the band phish
read the wiki article on albert fish edit : fish not the band phish
makes me think of the " jizzed in my pants " song from like 14 years ago
a close contender
you must be one of those normal people that do n't stay up until 3am reading about serial killers . i have heard of you kind .
it 's disappointment that our favorite actors are choosing to be in crappy movies when they could presumably be in better ones . perhaps that 's a false impression of what acting is like , but its what lay people think .
hey man , there 's nothing wrong with working for garbage companies . it 's a respectable field that provides an important public service .
hey man , there 's nothing wrong with working for garbage companies . it 's a respectable field that provides an important public service .
i agree but to play devils advocate millionaire actors taking shit jobs to fund their 6 new ferraris is n't the same as a working class guy taking a shit job to make ends meet .
this is what my mom used to say : " if your job pays the bills and you 're hurting anyone , then it 's a good and honorable job " .
yep , hollywood is a fucking meat grinder , and the vast majority of actors are lucky to get work . take it when you can get it .
i watched that special live when i was a kid and i was bored . twenty years later , i still bought a copy off ebay for 20 for nostalgia 's sake .
i saw it on australian tv but pretty sure i did n't last the distance . from the ads , i expected star wars itself was going to be on tv , so was very disappointed with what was actually presented .
i saw it on australian tv but pretty sure i did n't last the distance . from the ads , i expected star wars itself was going to be on tv , so was very disappointed with what was actually presented .
i wonder if she got an actual dvd from the master tape or just the same recording off tv that we all see . i thought i heard a story that george lucas scrubbed all evidence of those recordings .
one of the producers remarked that it was written by " a sentient bag of cocaine . "
obviously a joke on her part , but sounds like it could backfire . instead of staying 15 minutes longer , now they 're there 2 hours . asking people politely to leave is the best option .
challenge accepted
i 've always been a fan of a full coffee cup ... edit : " a "
i 've always been a fan of a full coffee cup ... edit : " a "
sigh ! i hate being challenged . a life time of sore back , miss sized bras , overflow , sleeping woes , and , and , and .
tea and coffee all day long for me it 's hard to get up to the challenge .
challenge cup . lol that is great .
probably because a cruise ship was more unique . a horrible fit that made a hilariously bad movie but whatever .
instead we got unstoppable by tony scott starring denzel and pine
instead we got unstoppable by tony scott starring denzel and pine
just leave out the transportation and make it about another explosives expert .
was n't executive decision out a year or so before this ? that was already die hard on a plane
i heard they wanted to use a train , but when under siege 2 announced that as the setting , they changed things .
funny the picture data can paint depending on how you read it . another way to look at this would be that 63 of germans thought that germany was worse off without the jews and 75 had a negative opinion of hitler .
this makes sense , it 's not like a long time had elapsed , old habits die hard . had this been twenty years after ww2 ended , then it might 've been more surprising to me . you can n't eliminate the effects of indoctrination in such a short span .
this makes sense , it 's not like a long time had elapsed , old habits die hard . had this been twenty years after ww2 ended , then it might 've been more surprising to me . you can n't eliminate the effects of indoctrination in such a short span .
soooooooooo a minority then .
look at how good desegregation worked for comparison
the most amazing thing about hitler is how popular he is outside of the west . asians love hitler and so do latinos . there are stores in india with his name on them and even a few in africa .
i really do n't understand how some people have children . my wife and i have really stable jobs in a city with good economy and affordable housing yet having a kid was a huge economical decision ... just having one was n't some whim we had to plan the right time to do it .
first , you need to get the government to stop subsidizing having kids .
first , you need to get the government to stop subsidizing having kids .
so i guess gay is a cure
but condoms are n't as fuuuuuuuuuuuuun ! i get so tired of this .
and people look at me like i 'm a mutant when i say i do n't want kids . regardless of my motives , it 's beneficial to society as a whole .
even though it may not be scientifically accepted i 'm pretty sure it 's just that ponds are smaller than lakes . you would n't really expect to see a pond on a map of the world .
i think lakes are too deep to plants and vegetation while ponds can support weeds at the bottom all around . depth not size
i think lakes are too deep to plants and vegetation while ponds can support weeds at the bottom all around . depth not size
there is in geology ?
i always assumed it was the size . that said ive seen " ponds " in maine bigger than most " lakes " in florida .
i 'm from a chicago suburb , so my idea of a lake is a great ly skewed .
it would seem as though the pilgrims and many other peoples that came to north america seeking religious freedom , were themselves the more radical group compared to their " banishers "
" theres nothing that i hate more than people who judge others because of their race and culture , and the dutch "
" theres nothing that i hate more than people who judge others because of their race and culture , and the dutch "
and to this day , religious nuts in this country still piss and moan about being oppressed simply because the rest of us are n't forced to follow their beliefs .
i 'm picturing them riding bicycles in clogs and smoking weed .
literally called dutchifacation
randy and sharon are trey 's parents names and gerald and sheila are matt 's parents names . edit : also iirc cartman 's mom , liane , is named after an ex girlfriend of trey that cheated on him .
well i mean , stan is trey , kyle is matt , and cartman is archie bunker .
well i mean , stan is trey , kyle is matt , and cartman is archie bunker .
that 's great ! til
til ...
is anybody here a marine biologist ?
time to go back to the moon !
793.6 in freedom units . remember there are countries that use the metric system and there are countries that have gone to the moon !
793.6 in freedom units . remember there are countries that use the metric system and there are countries that have gone to the moon !
lunar soil can rust ? til .
i 'm not sure i buy this guy 's assessment of this . the pristine samples are stored in those containers , in cabinets under dry nitrogen . the cabinets are monitored for humidity and oxygen and continuously purged .
i will n't be able to breathe on the moon ?
where can i find the previous 671 vinyl facts ?
just the thought of hearing the sibilance of your eyessssss on an inner groove with an elliptical is killing me .
just the thought of hearing the sibilance of your eyessssss on an inner groove with an elliptical is killing me .
the 2016 half speed double lp reissue sequences the tracks in gabriel s preferred order . it also sounds amazing .
what was the reason he could n't put the song at the end ? is it due to the way the vinyl 's are made ?
yeah i 'm sure a lot of artists want to finish their sides with a bang , but can n't because of this
trackmania was fun as fuck on the pc . can n't wait to play it with all my friends on console .
very happy with this month . i 've already got tale from the borderlands , but i 've been debating buying trackmania for a few months now , and i 've been interested in giving deadfall a go , even out of some morbid curiosity with the mediocre reviews .
very happy with this month . i 've already got tale from the borderlands , but i 've been debating buying trackmania for a few months now , and i 've been interested in giving deadfall a go , even out of some morbid curiosity with the mediocre reviews .
omfg this is so great . was on the fence to buy trackmania 2 weeks ago when it was on sale . glad i did n't
i loved trackmania on pc when i was a kid ... maybe this is a good console version ?
i was damn close to getting trackmania on ps4 a week or so ago . glad i held off
great , now i 'm afraid of moving too fast and dropping dead .
real irony
real irony
this is why old time " massagers " ( vibrators ) carried a warning label which said " do not use on unexplained calf pain " so that a clot would n't be dislodged .
would not have kicking prevented her death ? or was the blood clot due to " dislodge " ( do n't know what that means ) eventually ?
goodnight , clot .
the whiskey and cigarettes work like a charm . source : tom waits
i think it 's obvious from personal experience that alcohol and cigarettes change someone 's voice , even just in the short term . i do find the raw eggs confusing , though . maybe she was also trying to get swole .
i think it 's obvious from personal experience that alcohol and cigarettes change someone 's voice , even just in the short term . i do find the raw eggs confusing , though . maybe she was also trying to get swole .
she only needed the smokes , the whiskey was just cause it goes good with a smoke and the eggs were her lunch
maybe she was downing them shell and all ?
freddie mercury started smoking to give his voice a deeper rougher sound . it worked .
maine is literally nicknamed " vacationland " .
california is not a resource rich tourist destination ?
california is not a resource rich tourist destination ?
that has nothing to do with banning billboards .
... florida .
no idea how that is supposed to be an argument for billboards .
yeah that 's nuts , but also think it 's nuts if you consider tic tacs " candy " . should n't you be popping one or two for fresh breath , not eating packs at a time ? i could n't imagine eating more than four of those in a day and i have a big appetite .
big candy and their powerful lobby strike again .
big candy and their powerful lobby strike again .
this gotta be an american thing ... never heared of them being sugar free
that is outrageous
r titlegore
better for burgers and chicken breasts . in a pinch , i 'll take a steak cooked on one though ... if you like kielbasa , cut it in two lengthwise and cook . works awesome
put it by the floor of your bed with bacon in it , that way when you wake up just plug it in and you can snooze until fresh tastey bacon wakes you up
put it by the floor of your bed with bacon in it , that way when you wake up just plug it in and you can snooze until fresh tastey bacon wakes you up
i use one to cook bacon on my bedroom floor so i can wake up to the smell of bacon cooking
i use it to grill sandwiches
we had one for years , it was great right up until my mum cooked salmon on it . for some reason , every time we used it after that , it stank the the house out with faint salmon odour . we tried various cleaning products and stuff but gave up eventually .
so if you get crabs , kill them by not wearing pants . got it .
til a new way to get rid of crabs
til a new way to get rid of crabs
i would think even the most primitive humans knew to cover their genitals from getting snagged on branches or bit up from ants or what not .
how do they know how long ago the lice diverged ? surely there are no fossils or anything .
could n't it just be that we became more hairless then so there was n't a clear path ( on most people ) for them to travel ? this could have isolated the populations .
he gets a ton of words wrong too . i 'm shaking so hard i almost spilled syrup on my moose .
this is the trippiest thing as a canadian lol .
this is the trippiest thing as a canadian lol .
i love o canadamas tree !
fuck that was amazing i 'm not even mad
as an american , i 'm so sorry .
semen
so does blood spatter
so does blood spatter
those facts may not be unrelated .
__url__
so does cradle cap !
get the camera
mum
mum
that 's my favorite cookie jar .
halp
aidan cut me in half again
tesla alternated his style but edison was direct about it ...
i 've got nothing , this is hilarious .
i 've got nothing , this is hilarious .
you dork . you had me wondering for a second . but only a second .
well fucking done
clever
yes , especially if you were in a college dorm and open flames were prohibited
they make great burgers , hotdogs , etc . do n't rely on them for steaks though , and now most come with a stand underneath you can fold out that levels it so the fat does n't drain away if you prefer it that way .
they make great burgers , hotdogs , etc . do n't rely on them for steaks though , and now most come with a stand underneath you can fold out that levels it so the fat does n't drain away if you prefer it that way .
they make great hot dogs . it 's the only thing i 've ever made with them . they get those nice sear marks .
they do . i use a particular brand of frozen burgers that are pretty much meant to cook on a george foreman . fucking quality
they 're as good , maybe better , than most other griddles . they 're great for toasted sandwiches and shit .
the end of the book literally had a line saying the adventure on the nautilus was 20,000 leagues across the oceans
stop me if i am wrong , been a few years since i read the book , but pretty sure he says it is the distance traveled by the nautilus while the main character was aboard .
stop me if i am wrong , been a few years since i read the book , but pretty sure he says it is the distance traveled by the nautilus while the main character was aboard .
i guess it 's subjective , but i thought it was quite obvious it was distance , especially after reading the book . the travel very far , not very deep .
i figured it out when the disney world ride only went down like 4 feet before it hit the bottom of the ocean .
that being said , they still go deeper than the deepest point we know of . in the book the reach a depth of 10 miles , when the deepest point on earth is only 7 miles .
cept for that time he dangled one over a multi story balcony .
i do n't think anyone disputes that ..
i do n't think anyone disputes that ..
stopping the booze instead of hiding it would have been preferential .
he was a child molester ! ! !
" he was a loving man . always kissing and hugging jenny and her sisters . "
it makes sense that the weight that soldiers are made to carry is in all epochs roughly equal to the one that they are physically able to carry .
i vote we go back to plate mail . imagine a whole army of space marines , ala warhammer : 40k . hell , i 'd enlist just for the bitchin armor . " for the emperor ! " .
i vote we go back to plate mail . imagine a whole army of space marines , ala warhammer : 40k . hell , i 'd enlist just for the bitchin armor . " for the emperor ! " .
and the clunky off balanced knight in armour trope is from mark twain .
one big difference that 's just the armor for the knight , i can load up my plate carrier with all my gear and kit to last 2 days and it weighs about 50lbs .
i 'd be willing to bet that the limiting factor then is the same now . i . e . how much a man can carry . if they were suddenly able to make everything a soldier carries now weigh 2 pounds , they would find another 28 48 pounds for them to carry .
i think that 's understandable considering urkel was supposed to be an insufferable style of character as his charm point . i can imagine it would take a toll on his mental state trying to keep that up for years .
he was also the voice of sonic the hedge hog in one of the cartoons .
he was also the voice of sonic the hedge hog in one of the cartoons .
he attempted to change his image by doing a 180 on grown ups where he basically made sure to have his shirt off as much as possible , showing his chiseled abs and subsequent coolness .
and it 's funny because urkle is the only reason that anyone aside from his momma knows his name .
then the shooter would say ... did i ... do ... that ! ? !
its rumored the german soldiers were to afraid to shoot him put of fear of punishment . king albert 's cousin was the leader of germany .
son listed in infanty . brave baby .
son listed in infanty . brave baby .
i saw somewhere stating that war not affecting the rich much is a fairly recent development . for a very long time lords led battles and royal families lost members in war . also even in past couple hounded years many rich families had traditions of military service .
... and this was crucial because germans planned on belgium surrendering quickly and capturing their railways intact so they could strike a massive blow through belgium ( france fortified its border with germany but not the border with belgium ) to win the war quickly .
this is why king albert i ( st ) had been nicknamed the roi chevalier , or " knight king . "
well that was a shitty joke to make ...
they did n't call him " charmin ' carson " because of his charisma .
they did n't call him " charmin ' carson " because of his charisma .
in pittsburgh all you have to do is mention snow .
i remember this happening . i also remember when he had to go and tell everyone it was a joke .
that 's the rule of " unintended effects " which are so unexpected , but very clearly mark the functioning of complex systems . in this case social animals called humans , linked by artificial electronic devices .
for real , fuck that bitch . sent from my iphone 7
really ? i 've found reddit threads to be consistently in tune with comments like yours ( insulting and cold ) when it comes to jobs .
really ? i 've found reddit threads to be consistently in tune with comments like yours ( insulting and cold ) when it comes to jobs .
he was a fucking idiot . you 're completely right . he thought he knew better than everyone . probably why he walked around smelling like shit all the time .
this . they made like 3 movies and many more books within like 2 years of his death . the guy was n't a fucking god , but that was the height of apple mania . some people basically thought he was .
yeah top voted comments like yours really show most people worship and loved him s
did n't the waffen ss have gf270 , a horse gas mask that was tolerated for moderate periods of time by horses ? the model 38 and 41 is listed in the handbook on german military forces .
that is horrifying . imagine .. i mean that battle was already a blood bath , but then add gas to the mix ? evil would n't begin to describe them
that is horrifying . imagine .. i mean that battle was already a blood bath , but then add gas to the mix ? evil would n't begin to describe them
" you had horses , what were you thinking ? ! "
nah , the real reason is because they donated it all to the holocaust center .
thought nerve gas went through the skin
well ai n't that something .
that 's cool as shit
that 's cool as shit
i guess that does n't qualify as communicating about distant objects in space and or time ? i might be wrong
the dolphin way of saying " i caught a fish this big " while holding your hands apart to replicate the size of it .
i think the most exciting part of this article is the possibility of humans communicating with dolphins with holographic pictures like this . that 's the world i want to live in .
please tell me that you do n't drive . please tell me that you do n't drive . please tell me that you do n't drive ...
til the pedal on the right is to make the car go and the one on the left is to make it stop .
til the pedal on the right is to make the car go and the one on the left is to make it stop .
the circle whatchamacallit is actually used to steer the vehicle . and its for normal night driving ... please take many lessons before you get behind the wheel by yourself .
you should try it night driving ! night and day
what the hell is happing to our youth ? you are a yout , right
i knew a red neck named james who had a really stupid but hot gf there . yep , jimbo s zimbo bimbo . she s pretty flexible when she dances . yep , jimbo s zimbo bimbo limbos .
wrong , the actual name is " masochist " .
wrong , the actual name is " masochist " .
to clarify , zimbo is the name given to a white who accepted the new regime . rhodie describes thowe whites nostalgic for the smith era , whether they emigrated from zimbabwe or stayed .
and when they die they will be a zombie
today any white person still living in zimbabwe is called a hero or a weirdo .
checks passion of the christ box office totals " oh yeah , that 's why ! "
always thought that was just a lie for the sake of the movie and to hype that shit
always thought that was just a lie for the sake of the movie and to hype that shit
who is michelini ? i 'm super confused trying to find this person on imdb
when you anger thor like that by praising false idols you probably should n't continue the movie . thor ai n't no little bitch , he 'll fuck you up and not give a shit .
i guess you could say they ... ... had a passion for it
alimony is so fucked up . especially in cases where the woman was the one that decided to leave . just because someone was married for a couple years doesn t mean they should lose half their pay for life .
no wonder he always looks like he 's on the verge of tears .
no wonder he always looks like he 's on the verge of tears .
in what world is 900,000 even reasonable ? jesus christ
alimony child support is usually based on actual earnings is n't it ? anyone who does n't get a prenuptial agreement is stupid but i 'm genuinely confused about this situation
ahhhh that 's why the mummy 3 happened .
very much so but you 'll have a very hard time convincing most people that what they 've done their entire life is killing the planet and only viable through big government subsidies . also dogs are probably pretty delicious .
well , it 's a cultural thing , it 's in most countries . dogs and cats are identified as very close to humans . which is true , considering humanity domesticated dogs for the hunt and cats to keep farms and silo free of rodents .
well , it 's a cultural thing , it 's in most countries . dogs and cats are identified as very close to humans . which is true , considering humanity domesticated dogs for the hunt and cats to keep farms and silo free of rodents .
every vegetarian has been saying that forever .
i think it 's because of hygiene reasons . humans do n't eat bears and other meat eaters because of some type of worm that can live in the meat . same for foxes and wolves . dont know about monkeys though . but who would like to eat a monkey ?
my favorite hobby .
no , there is not
no , this whole " coincidence " is a bit of a reeeeeeeaaaach
no , this whole " coincidence " is a bit of a reeeeeeeaaaach
well .. in a way ..
the pudding is n't " pudding " ... ( it 's semen ... )
no . you should see it though , if you like movies that make you cry .
other obligatory xkcd __url__
aw
aw
aw cmon , at least post this happy one !
well now i feel bad for a robot
i do believe that 's in reference to spirit , opportunity 's sister .
i never liked family feud , but it 's impressive he was able to contribute to the modern vocabulary this way .
should it be pronounced me me ? , as it 's about individuals .
should it be pronounced me me ? , as it 's about individuals .
if you only learned that today it 's about time to actually start reading the selfish gene , except for the origin of species perhaps one of the most important books on earth
til that word meme is a shortening of mimeme
daniel dennett , building off the concept of memes , has recently been making an interesting argument that the concious mind originated not in the phsyical components of a brain , but has its origin in cultural memes . __url__
unfortunately a lot of these stem from situational and improper husbandry ignorance ...
mr worldwide
mr worldwide
i absolutely love pitt bulls , but it annoys me when owners try to deny basic facts . pitt bulls are strong , and everything else being equal , they are more likely to kill . part of responsible ownership is accepting the reality of the dogs .
a lot ( dare i say most ) pitbull owners take little to no time to properly train their dogs . an improperly trained pitbull is a very dangerous animal . a properly trained pit is a wonderful , adorable , loving and sweet animal .
they are naturally a very calm dog though . the problem is that everyone who wants to raise a dog dog to fight , buys a pit bull . so you get a lot of pit bulls with bad owners .
i guess cos this goes from bc to suddenly 1980
perhaps it 's not counted because it 's not been in continuous use ? the pound is cheating anyway though , we do n't use the same pound anymore really since decimalisation in fact thanks to reddit i have learnt the pound is indeed the same
perhaps it 's not counted because it 's not been in continuous use ? the pound is cheating anyway though , we do n't use the same pound anymore really since decimalisation in fact thanks to reddit i have learnt the pound is indeed the same
not continuously in use
my guess would be that hyperinflation lead to a ' new ' shekel in the 80s , meaning it 's no longer the oldest ' current ' currency . saying that , the brits reformed our currency from shillings and all that shit so who knows !
how is it the rupee ? __url__
that 's why i joined the church of kramer . may the cosmo be with you
i like how this whole situation was really magnified later in curb your enthusiasm , how larry david , creator of one of the most famous sitcoms in history , who is rich , famous , and successful , is still a petty , neurotic little man who could n't ever just enjoy himself .
i like how this whole situation was really magnified later in curb your enthusiasm , how larry david , creator of one of the most famous sitcoms in history , who is rich , famous , and successful , is still a petty , neurotic little man who could n't ever just enjoy himself .
serenity now !
i 'm out there jerry and i 'm lovin every minute of it !
that 's cuz kramer was a hipster . he just did not give a damn ..
how can they afford to buy up all the porn , if what they do is give it away for free ?
weird that feras antoon , the ceo of mindgeek , does n't even have a wikipage . they wasted a wikipage on that sour elf that price hiked that medication . i think the global king of porn deserves at least the same .
weird that feras antoon , the ceo of mindgeek , does n't even have a wikipage . they wasted a wikipage on that sour elf that price hiked that medication . i think the global king of porn deserves at least the same .
that 's why they 're all the same . and if content is deleted in one site due to copyrightnazis all other sites delete the same content .
they own men ? !
playboy is not owned by mindgeek , everything playboy related is owned by playboy enterprises .
yeah but every now and again you just have to shove it in your mouth and regret it in the morning .
pizza on chinese buffet ?
pizza on chinese buffet ?
i find her very annoying
and then you get a bit drunk and it 's the best thing ever
and often appears a little too greasy .
they 're rich , so they will face rich people consequences for hurting our entire society .
honestly , credit is such a big part of finance why are private companies handling this instead of a government agency ? and if we are gonna let private companies vacuum up our finance data why not impose data protection laws and audits on them ?
honestly , credit is such a big part of finance why are private companies handling this instead of a government agency ? and if we are gonna let private companies vacuum up our finance data why not impose data protection laws and audits on them ?
too big to fail
this is fucked up
maybe it 's not a company
protein water
__url__
__url__
there is if you get it at my house
skeet skeet skeet mother fucker !
is n't there fish semen in all water ?
a man a plan a canal panama
on a clover , if alive , erupts a vast , pure evil : a fire volcano .
on a clover , if alive , erupts a vast , pure evil : a fire volcano .
a man , a pan , a panama ?
r therewasanattempt
oops ! martini was but elf farts , old lost raffle tub , saw in it ram 's poo .
ah , one of my favorites . right up there with winnie the pooh finds out that the chinese are not really fully people and winnie the pooh decides that it 's ok to fuck shit up because the europeans fucked shit up here first .
well , considering that mickey mouse himself teaches the palestinian children to bring death to the infidels , does n't sound too far fetched ...
well , considering that mickey mouse himself teaches the palestinian children to bring death to the infidels , does n't sound too far fetched ...
play the winnie the pooh baseball game and you will learn the true meaning of death
tangentially related , there 's a book called the tao of pooh that uses winnie the pooh to introduce you to taoism . it 's a great read ... or so i remember from my mom reading it when i was a kid .
along with " oh , the places you 'll die " and " go dog go "
aim assist op
vac
vac
i got you in my sights
nah , the enemy bots were just super shit .
that 's why i do n't play consoles shooters . " why aim at your target when you can just aim near your target . " yea fuck that .
batman still wins with prep time
knightfall protocol .
knightfall protocol .
r asksciencefiction
fall back on his contingency plans and secret bases , like he does when this happens in injustice : year one .
raise an army .
the king with the dragon tattoo by steven larsbury
the real surprise would be if queen elizabeth ii also had one
the real surprise would be if queen elizabeth ii also had one
probably looked like this . __url__
just needs a tapout hat and he 's all set
did n't know he was the car'a'carn
i thought it was because the statue resembled someone 's uncle ?
so actually you did n't learn anything
so actually you did n't learn anything
til oscars are the same thing as academy awards
it was due to iamoscar.com
oscar was the head of the the academy when the awards first started
but how am i suppose to know which exit to take for the adult super store ?
but how else would i know that ' life begins at conception ' ?
but how else would i know that ' life begins at conception ' ?
til the only 4 states have banned them . what is taking the rest of you guys so long ?
i did my grad work in vermont and lived there for a while . the lack of billboards is absolutely fantastic , especially having lived in california where certain portions of the state are just littered with them . i wish california would pass a similar resolution .
how do these banned states know when the mcrib is back ? ?
hello , south korea ? we have a package for you . will you be home to sign for the delivery ?
i hate to be that guy , but it actually raises the question .
i hate to be that guy , but it actually raises the question .
you are now moderator of r pyongyang
begs the question is a term that comes from formal logic . it 's a translation of the latin phrase petitio principii , and it 's used to mean that someone has made a conclusion based on a premise that lacks support .
it wants to send mail to japan quickly .
... and reo speedwagon got their name from ... ransom e olds .
til oldsmobile was named after some guy who 's last name was olds and not about a brand from old people .
til oldsmobile was named after some guy who 's last name was olds and not about a brand from old people .
i 'm sure an assembly line of sorts was probably used thousands of years ago .
when he sings , every note is a ransom note .
every man has his religion . my dad was an oldsmobile man .
he really got into his character . a lot of work to die in the 1st movie of a trilogy .
" sean , were you just talking a dump in the woods ? " " method acting . "
" sean , were you just talking a dump in the woods ? " " method acting . "
imagine if there were though ? how cool would a battle between the great eagles , the nazgul dragons , and a squadron of attack helicopters be ?
are you sure of that ?
except the eagles , which are basically middle earth helicopters .
" heels on ground with slav squat around , heels up high when western spy . "
so its basically the 50s version " owling " and " planking " . they also did phone booth stuffing
so its basically the 50s version " owling " and " planking " . they also did phone booth stuffing
poop position
called it the saigon squat back in highschool , streched our inner thighs that way .
must have been great for the hips ...
" so sorry about completely accidental fire comrade . "
great book called " billion dollar spy " about this . a single agent was handled by the cia office inside the embassy that gave the us a billion dollars worth of secrets from russia over several years .
great book called " billion dollar spy " about this . a single agent was handled by the cia office inside the embassy that gave the us a billion dollars worth of secrets from russia over several years .
til in 1977 , kgb agents set fire to the us embassy in moscow and posed as firefighters to steal sensitive information
poor russians , they had to steal information back then .
one of my teachers worked for an extremely secure customer manufacturing bearer bonds . part of their contract work rules indicated that in the event of a fire they must move to a secure room and continue working . exactly for this reason .
dirt cheap to rent .
ho shit . that took me a second .
ho shit . that took me a second .
blackguybrainpoint.png
motorcycles are dirt cheap . i can outperform most supercars for 9k .
dont forget to ban helmets ...
fucking ringo , man .
i do n't think george wrote 3 beatles number 1s either , not because of quality but because he hardly ever got to release a single . i think his first and only beatles single was something .
i do n't think george wrote 3 beatles number 1s either , not because of quality but because he hardly ever got to release a single . i think his first and only beatles single was something .
aww , man
__url__
ringo has written 1s ( photograph , you 're sixteen ) just not while he was a beatle .
til kimi raikkonen is a wdc
til of a driver named " michael schumacher " who won 7 wdc 's .
til of a driver named " michael schumacher " who won 7 wdc 's .
never said he sucks his entire career . he just sucks now ... like suck a lot
yea people new to the sport have never seen a young and fiery ( or icy ) raikkonen go against schumacher during his prime years .
i did n't watch him race for lotus . this was a til for me . kimi is a good driver , but to equate his current ability to that of his stint at lotus half a decade ago does n't really compute . i do n't see him being as good today as he was back then .
but communism is so free and liberating !
this is older than communist romania . the spanish inquisition used to have festivals with plenty of wine and pork and then looked to see who was actually a muslim jew .
this is older than communist romania . the spanish inquisition used to have festivals with plenty of wine and pork and then looked to see who was actually a muslim jew .
communists the same world over shocking
i 'm ok with this .
is dairy forbidden during lent ?
bonus video __url__
what is happening , is he sneezing ?
what is happening , is he sneezing ?
i 'm confused , did you kick him ? what 's up with the last photo ?
oy , you found yourself a billybumbler
creepy eyes even from far away in your video !
that apostrophe is freaking me out .
basically supporting a government in exile . its not like he was listening to numbers stations or making dead drops
basically supporting a government in exile . its not like he was listening to numbers stations or making dead drops
why would they pay him in degrees ?
be one with the money . oooooohmmmmmm
only ?
it does n't look like anything to me .
more like rick and morty .
more like rick and morty .
westworld is not a simulation . more like 13th floor .
what 's that ? ? when i google westworld nothing comes up . i 'm not joking , no imdb , rottentomatos .. or even youtube link . wtf
is it a tv show ?
it 'd be a lot safer than flying directly nose first into a deck of a ship
the cockpits were sealed
the cockpits were sealed
why would they spend the little resources they had available on giving life saving devices to suicide units ?
" ditching " a plane is another way to say the plane made a water landing . but i would imagine they would be shot down before they could succeed in landing the plane if they were within sight of the allied powers .
especially when your plane is packed with explosives ready to explode the second the plane hits something .
won a championship , played 12 years made a couple million , now farms apples in his home land and saves a ton on ladders .
... and probably happier than ever .
... and probably happier than ever .
that 's awesome
and right after lebron . he 's the ryan leaf of the nba draft .
the man wants to live a peaceful life let him be .
what a sociopath .
that explains his tactics in civilisation .
that explains his tactics in civilisation .
that seems reasonable
it 's the same guy who evolved sub saharan african warfare from throwing spears at eachother and going home to stabbing people with bigger spears .
what a piece of shit .
way to ruin the joke by being technically correct
heroin can also be used as a intramuscular but goddamn imagine that pain
heroin can also be used as a intramuscular but goddamn imagine that pain
fine then , ketamine .
you can shoot heroin directly into muscle and get high . it 's like you did n't even google it .
if it was truly pure heroin and in a bacteriostatic solution , micron filtered , etc heroin actually has a very good absorption rate in part due to the histamine release increasing capillary permeability
shit , it 's not candy ?
most of them ... i could chow down on those orange ones back in the day
most of them ... i could chow down on those orange ones back in the day
most of them ... i could chow down on those orange ones back in the day
is it wrong to eat them all in one sitting ?
i can finish one of those big packs in 6 hours .
oof , right in the wallet .
yep , totally appropriate usage
yep , totally appropriate usage
yes , it fits them very well .
such a brave opinion on reddit
exactly ... i do n't see a problem here .
florida is about the same geographic size of england and scotland combined and it has a population of over 20 million .
only new york ( 3 nfl teams , sort of ) and california ( 4 nfl teams , for now ) have more people than florida .
only new york ( 3 nfl teams , sort of ) and california ( 4 nfl teams , for now ) have more people than florida .
fla has a huge population if transplants . they have their own favorite teams . that and it 's been established that fla residents do n't show up to games unless they are in the playoffs .
that , and cities in florida are willing to shell out a shit ton of money to have teams located there
there is ! florida and florida state and university of miami and many more . what baffles me about the franchise system is how little attendance they need each year to make money
pretty sure it iggy would call himself trailer trash ?
iggy pop played a pretty killer vorta on deep space nine tho
iggy pop played a pretty killer vorta on deep space nine tho
i 'm picturing tommy lee jones being a real dick at mcdonalds
then the problem would be that people are cutting those other guys too much slack , not that they 're giving nicki minaj too much shit .
nah they 'd be trash as well . especially tommy ... edit : now that i think about it . people call tommy trash for a long time now .
why is it the loneliest , is it because it can n't communicate to any other whales ?
i feel incredibly sad now ...
i feel incredibly sad now ...
maybe not lonely , just a soprano whale ...
:(
i need to find a way to prevent this story from ever coming into my awareness again . lt always makes me sad .
very dishonest thing to do .
so they develop a derogatory nickname ( they supposedly shook violently when communicating with god ) , and then give that nickname positive connotations with a reputation of honesty . well done , quakers .
so they develop a derogatory nickname ( they supposedly shook violently when communicating with god ) , and then give that nickname positive connotations with a reputation of honesty . well done , quakers .
i like the part where they fed kids radioactive food . for science . the oat company , not the quakers .
sounds like cultural appropriation to me .
the dude in the logo looks like the killer in an old horror movie . he 'd quote some scripture and claim he 's cleansing the land or something before gutting someone with a scythe .
the british pound a dispassionate yet courteous romp in absolute darkness .
close your eyes , think of the queen , and smash that pasty .
close your eyes , think of the queen , and smash that pasty .
the british prefer a good rodgering . which leads to some very confused brits when they see a " kenny rodgers chicken " in the us .
the equivalent of the dollar store in the uk is poundland . cracked me up every time i saw one . " honey , i just got my paycheck ! we 're going to poundland tonight ! "
i got you covered .
the article does n't say 20,000 people were killed . it says the number of people killed and injured numbered between 20 50 , 000 .
just looked it up . anaheim angels stadium holds 45,000 spectators . this must have been utter chaos .
just looked it up . anaheim angels stadium holds 45,000 spectators . this must have been utter chaos .
what makes me wonder is how did they build all these giant buildings back then . they did n't have all these engineerings theories of beams structures etc . so how did they know that shit will stand and support all the weight
yikes . imagine living in a time where banishment was a thing . my great grandfather was sent to france to fight in wwi after being convicted of shooting a texas ranger . he was allowed to return when the war was over .
death ? how high was this ? 30thousand feet ?
queen are kings of the hall of fame .
you forgot to link the wikipedia article about the pope 's recognition of their music as an official proof of god 's existence .
you forgot to link the wikipedia article about the pope 's recognition of their music as an official proof of god 's existence .
also , brian may is a fucking genius .
queen is also the only band to have had freddy mercury as a lead singer . and that 's enough .
they are the champions .
hate it when that happens .
zeus could 've learned a few things from this guy
zeus could 've learned a few things from this guy
lucoa slept with her sister ? these doujins are practically writing themselves !
hmmm , read a lot about the mezoamerican pantheon of dieties , and just do n't ever recall seeing this . what 's one of the alternate quetzalpetlatl or one of her cardinal direction names ? i thought xolotl was quetzalcoatl 's sibling .
meanwhile , in the book of genesis ...
is that where the song " chocolate rain " originates ?
i hope the error occurred on the supplier side because i want to believe in a company out there with a big warehouse full of tootsie roll crates stacked next to mortar round crates .
i hope the error occurred on the supplier side because i want to believe in a company out there with a big warehouse full of tootsie roll crates stacked next to mortar round crates .
how does that mixup even occur ? " damn auto correct "
" accidentally "
considered what they 're mostly made of , you could still wax a mother fucker with a tootsie roll .
new supervillain plan : steal the platinum iridium cylinder and force the world 's scientists to pay me a tariff whenever they want to use kilograms in their work .
they have also had issues with it not matching up with the reference copies that exist . radiolab did a story called kg
they have also had issues with it not matching up with the reference copies that exist . radiolab did a story called kg
not true . i measure how much i hate my life by the amount of alcohol i had the night before .
it 'd be cool to steal the kilogram . would make for a neat heist movie
interestingly , because of the imprecise definition of the gram , there are only a few significant digits of avogadro 's number .
wikipedia lists their b . a . c . at over 1 , that 's insane .
the polish scare me with how they drink . i spent some time in poland a couple years back . one of the first things i saw when i got to where i was staying was a bottle of vodka so large that it had to be mounted on hinges . the thing went from full to empty in a matter of days .
the polish scare me with how they drink . i spent some time in poland a couple years back . one of the first things i saw when i got to where i was staying was a bottle of vodka so large that it had to be mounted on hinges . the thing went from full to empty in a matter of days .
other half : ireland .
oh cool theres a good reason for me to be proud of my polish heritage .
i believe it . i have a polish friend i go to school with who can drink like a tank . i saw him chug a bottle of uv blue once , and then do 40 shots 2 days later
well , name a celebrity that has been killed by a stingray since ? while heavy handed , seems like this worked ...
reminds me of xerxes having the ocean whipped for destroying his fleet lol
reminds me of xerxes having the ocean whipped for destroying his fleet lol
plot twist : the killing of steve irwin sparked a civil war among the rays . pro irwin forces took out revenge on the squad responsible for his death .
ever stub your toe on a table and then proceed to kick it or hit it with something afterward ? same thing . makes no sense .
i guess you have n't been in my smite league dota games . they get mad over everything .
with frikkin laser beams on their heads , no doubt .
is it also developing developing an implant to prevent people from typing the same word twice ? s
is it also developing developing an implant to prevent people from typing the same word twice ? s
oh no ... combined with haarp these are the perfect conditions for a sharknado
purely for defense , of course .
you can buy a kit to do that at home . __url__
i 'm calling bullshit . not on you , but that makes zero sense .
i 'm just gonna say , nope .
i 'm just gonna say , nope .
as someone who has experienced motion sickness their entire life , i sometimes just kinda shake my head at these studies . :(
then would n't all hallucinogens cause vomiting ?
i 'm pretty sure it 's caused by imbalances of the inner ear , where your vision and what your inner ear feels do not match ( at least that 's what i remember at least ) .
those names are fantastic .
do n't forget samurai pizza cats
do n't forget samurai pizza cats
ahh yes the nostalgia ... who could possibly forget the geriatric gangrene jujitsu gerbils ?
people who want to study awful parody need only to look at all of the attempts to mock tmnt . such shit can be found in that sub genre of parody .
and boris the bear killed them all .
he looks like an islamic sean connery
not surprising . i 've been seeing his face in all james bond movies from 1962 to 1967 and then again once in 1971 .
not surprising . i 've been seeing his face in all james bond movies from 1962 to 1967 and then again once in 1971 .
if i had the time i would make a meme of khomeini 's face on someones butt who is mooning .
crater face
__url__ actual image taken by an amateur photographer . :)
wasnt everything in that cartoons there because the toy companies wanted more to sell ?
this is n't just tmnt . pretty much every cartoon does this . tmnt , transformers , pokemon , ugi oh . it 's a cartoon and merchandise package . not just one or the other .
this is n't just tmnt . pretty much every cartoon does this . tmnt , transformers , pokemon , ugi oh . it 's a cartoon and merchandise package . not just one or the other .
well it worked . i had the toys . and i loved them too !
and i remember my mom bought me both . at first i was pissed , then happy i had bad guys to pretend fight .
i still got my original set , except splinter my brother apparently set him on fire after i joined the military ...
nothing like the 320 nanoseconds that changed when op 's mom came into this world .
if you think a nanosecond is insignificant , you should watch this . it 's a 2 minute explanation of how far a signal travels in a nanosecond . __url__
if you think a nanosecond is insignificant , you should watch this . it 's a 2 minute explanation of how far a signal travels in a nanosecond . __url__
so we dead ?
holy shit that 's a semi real number . i was expecting it to be something to the 12
long enough to insert joke about op 's mom here
wow . that 's a lot of inflation
well a trip on that airship is more comparable to a trip on a cruse than on an airliner , so the price is n't really that unreasonable .
well a trip on that airship is more comparable to a trip on a cruse than on an airliner , so the price is n't really that unreasonable .
i have a friend who was on one of the transatlantic flights of the hindenburg . her stories life experiences are amazing .
makes sense . it took forever and they treated you like a king the whole way .
in the early 1990s a return on concorde would cost about 12,000 . looks like using latest top technology costs about the same .
do n't come in here with all that readin ' an book learnin '
only the denizens of yreka would name their town " north mountain " when they are north of the north mountain . edit : a word .
only the denizens of yreka would name their town " north mountain " when they are north of the north mountain . edit : a word .
lived in mccloud for a couple years and i never knew this .
weird coincidence , i just climbed mt . shasta a few weeks ago ( hardest physical thing i 've ever done ) , and i had no idea of the connection when i posted this item .
i wonder if ' south mountain ' was lassen ?
" it ai n't gay if you 're underway . " " dude , we 're not underway . " " it ai n't queer if you 're on the pier . "
i grew up around and am friends with people in the navy and i just wanted to let you know that i appreciate these sayings of yours , they are too hilarious .
i grew up around and am friends with people in the navy and i just wanted to let you know that i appreciate these sayings of yours , they are too hilarious .
it 's not gay if you 're on top !
sea school in the navys case .
army here . it 's not gay if you 're wearing combat boots .
just like adam savage and jamie hyneman .
i imagine their career is like driving a bus through the desert , nothing to see but the road ahead and the occasional bug splat .
i imagine their career is like driving a bus through the desert , nothing to see but the road ahead and the occasional bug splat .
penn and teller first started working together in 1975 . they 've been partners for 42 years so far . that 40 hours a week together , 50 weeks a year , for 42 years . that 's 84,000 hours together . if i were them , i would n't hang out outside of work either .
i could see that . no drama , just two true professionals doing their best to perfect their craft .
yup . penn and teller are still hugely important to each other ( penn 's kids treat him like a close relative ) , but they are purely business partners . never have to worry about hurting each other 's feelings when they 're making new stuff for the show , etc .
even i can n't forget that day , never been so happy about a team winning that was n't my own
it 's okay friend you wanted us to feel better about europa .
it 's okay friend you wanted us to feel better about europa .
we can n't either , someone will bring it up ( no offence )
i can understand your view on excitement after your game against dortmund last year .
in recent years it has to be the dortmund 3 2 comeback vs malaga in 2013
so talent success is n't sexually transmitted then ? good to know ... i should probably stop sending dick pics to reba mcintyre then ?
well , to be fair he did n't have boobs ... then ...
well , to be fair he did n't have boobs ... then ...
also has some of the best reviews to read on amazon
he is a genius became he married britney back when she was real hot and child free . now lifetime alimony !
ok , i agree he 's a douche . but has anyone here , or ever , actually listened to it ? besides for comedic value
i thought that sex offenders were n't allowed to be boy scout leaders .
yup , my eagle scout certificate and card are signed by obama
yup , my eagle scout certificate and card are signed by obama
we have the best boy scouts , do n't we folks ?
um and what if its a woman ? ?
i got a signed letter from joe biden for my eagle !
tastes nearly indistiguishable from chicken if its in ny kind of sauce . if you grill it plain it is very very lean with a slightly sweeter taste than chicken imo . it 's good .
except then you die from rabbit starvation .
except then you die from rabbit starvation .
it 's uhh .. pretty boring . nothing special , and not worth the effort of catching the fuckers . also rabbit traps are illegal , at least in south australia , so that makes it harder
i 've made rabbit pie . it turned out great , but was a lot of effort to prepare as there were many small bones and not a lot of meat .
you can n't live off of it . you get rabbit starvation , which is protein poisoning , the lean meat does n't have enough fat .
had to watch in law school . holy fuck . do not watch this video unless you want to be afraid of any and all overcrowded places with low roofs and difficult to reach escape corridors for the rest of your life .
i just saw it ...
i just saw it ...
i think people should watch it ( though i know what you mean ) . i am never in a crowded area and not think about the exits after watching it .
took your advise . do n't need that tonight . thanks .
you knew what you were doing , now i have to watch
i heard the santa cruz costco had to get special permission to put its name on the side of the building because it 's so tall . the cement plant down the street for example does n't have their name on the tower .
yo dawg .
yo dawg .
it 'll never be banned statewide , though . if for no other reason than all of los angeles ( at least the super rich ) would flip their shit . los angeles houses billboards the way offshore banks house money .
they have some pretty funny ones along the i 10 though . a condom ad reads " come in peace " made me have a good chuckle the first time i saw it .
why is this typo so goddamn funny ?
i think this is it ?
__url__ i gotchu fam
__url__ i gotchu fam
it 's just a stone with some faded out depictions followed along with a few symbols that virtually almost no one understands anymore . your bar wall is n't missing much .
if the picture actually exists , it would be worth a fuck ton of money .
it 's does n't exist . the guy " claims " he found it ... and no one else on the planet has ever seen it .
this is exactly how i pictured her .
i feel like nicki saw this and said , " that 's what i want to be in 10 years . "
i feel like nicki saw this and said , " that 's what i want to be in 10 years . "
came here to say this bless you
se curr ity ... se curr ity
security !
i legitimately think that tom green was playing the ultimate prank on his movie studio by making that film . it s way beyond dadaism .
" well , you can stick it in your bum bum ! you can put the cheese in your bum ... "
" well , you can stick it in your bum bum ! you can put the cheese in your bum ... "
best . movie . ever .
just after 9 11 blockbuster put stickers on violent movies warning them that it might trigger the viewer . my brother and i pealed them off and put them all over freddy got fingered movies .
of course the movies name is " freddy got fingered "
i have no trouble believing that she would not be a good customer facing employee ... especially in a service role .
til she 's 35 !
til she 's 35 !
as someone who works in retail , i would love to go off on customers who are massive dickhead cunts .
i mean , she 's no angel , but who likes customers ?
she is bon qui qui __url__
of course , i 'd assume they 'd be taken prisoner if at all practical for defenders . how easy can it be to ditch without a parachute though ? if they had chutes , it would n't be hard at all .
but given the propaganda , unlikely they knew that
but given the propaganda , unlikely they knew that
if you ditch near a ship you 'll probably still get shot out of the sky and break your neck . if you ditch far from a ship you 'll never be noticed . if you ditch midway ... ah he probably crashed and broke his neck , besides we 've got places to be .
my understanding is a lot of them were " sealed in " to prevent this . unsure about the regular planes , but i know the planes designed for nothing more than a kamikaze purpose , had this feature .
you see , at that time , they are universally hated by the inhabitants of islands they conquered . also , sharks .
that sounds dirty
their slogan : " nothing 's whiter than anglo milk "
their slogan : " nothing 's whiter than anglo milk "
basically white milk
anglo homo milk in canada
the one true milk
" damnit fred , you win again " " ... you 're not here for the fighting , are you bill ? "
maybe we should send some missionaries to explain to the giraffes that it 's not natural .
maybe we should send some missionaries to explain to the giraffes that it 's not natural .
imagine if humans did this .
fps players have a similar custom .
in one study , up to 94 percent of observed mounting incidents took place between males . only one percent of same sex mounting incidents occurred between females .
so is multiplying 8 digit numbers , but no one is impressed when you say you can do arithmetic in your head
or integration by parts lol ... that 's a fun one .
or integration by parts lol ... that 's a fun one .
i could do about 1 3 rd of the work in my head , if not more ( outside of simplifying ) for a lot of calc in high school . i wish i could have just wrote down what i could n't do in my head for showing work . because then it would only take up 1 4 th a page instead of a full one .
u can n't integrate by parts in ur head ? ? fkn noob
same with integrating something with like 4 parts . fuck that .
he used to be famous for subduing enemies from behind with both hands , but from that day on he could only put them in a half nelson .
i recommend that people watch a documentary or youtube video about the guy , he 's kind of a badass . i 've heard him described as the western version of admiral yi .
i recommend that people watch a documentary or youtube video about the guy , he 's kind of a badass . i 've heard him described as the western version of admiral yi .
horatio nelson was one of the inspirations for horatio hornblower , who was the basis for jean luc picard .
when he said " england expects that every man will do his duty " , i would n't think he meant quite that far .
he had 2 . he needed one . i fail to see the problem here . he had more pressing matters to handle . i once cut off a finger for similar reasons . now ... i mean ... not ... you know ... not mine . that 's just crazy talk ... but he had 9 more . seemed like the right choice .
people that should stay in the military get out because all the people that should have gotten out stayed in . see also : the only thing hard work ever got me ... was more work .
and people trapped by having too many kids to support on the outside . glad i 'm done with active .
and people trapped by having too many kids to support on the outside . glad i 'm done with active .
what happens after 6 years ?
growing up i always heard the ' best of the best ' nonsense . after serving you realize most are just the top of the bottom of the barrel .
i mean ... do n't you continue to earn nearly your entire salary for the rest of your life after 20 years ? you could retire at 38 . that does n't sound so stupid to me .
you can still use your pin , but it 's just why would you , since it easier anyway just not to do it under 30 .
apple android pay are unlimited , i always use android pay as much as i can . last week , had a car service , paid 120 with my phone .
apple android pay are unlimited , i always use android pay as much as i can . last week , had a car service , paid 120 with my phone .
he phrased it badly . that is exactly how it works in denmark as well .
seems like something that will need to be harmonized among all members of the ... oh ... nevermind
a lot of our cards are contactless though .
your getting banned .
__url__
__url__
i thought reddit just hated paid mods . seems to be a lot of praise of mods in general to me . edit : oh lol ok
confirmed
i concur
this is wrong . condoms are 99 effective if used correctly . know how to use a condom , and it 's pretty much always safer than merely pulling out .
but abortion is undefeated .
but abortion is undefeated .
too bad pulling out does n't stop the clap .
for sure not for std 's .
i have the perfect birth control ... i 'm really ugly .
adult male bonobos also have sex with infants . i 'm not sure sex is the unassailable omnitool bonobos think it is . link edit : should is n't a very useful word when discussing another species .
humans have it figured out all wrong . some of us kill each other with the hope of getting laid in the afterlife .
humans have it figured out all wrong . some of us kill each other with the hope of getting laid in the afterlife .
even more interesting ... they 're kind of tied for the closest with chimps . so , chimps , a male dominated violent society . bonobos , a female " lets greet each other with masturbation " society . a very interesting divergence .
it works in humans , too . it 's how my mom got my brother and i to stop fighting as kids .
fact : at the toronto zoo i saw a mother bonobo beat a male bonobo mercilessly with a large stick ... after he kicked the baby on her back when she refused him sex . make love eh ?
jesus christ i imagine redneck scandinavians
this comment puts it all in perspective
this comment puts it all in perspective
that 's metal af
__url__
my favourite comment of the last month :)
jethro tull 's ian anderson interview : ' i swapped 30,000 guitar for a 30 flute '
imo he 's a much better flutist than eric clapton is a guitar player
imo he 's a much better flutist than eric clapton is a guitar player
wondring aloud is some great acoustic playing
ian anderson is a better songwriter than clapton imo __url__
it worked his music is damn good
usher at a porn theater ? is n't that just a churched up name for a jizz mopper ?
i knew he looked familiar .
i knew he looked familiar .
speaking of which , are porn theaters still a thing anywhere in the country ?
i can imagine the annoyance in having him explain the history of the music and the chick getting jizzed on when you walk in " this is n't just a facial this is the facial . "
good . i think a mainstream education would have been a disservice to the fucked up genius that is quentin tarantino . just imagine what the world would have lost if he 'd finished high school , give on to college , and become an everyday working schmuck like the rest of us .
joke 's on him i 'm eating corn flakes and wanking right now . gonna have some frosted flakes in a minute .
so were graham crackers .
so were graham crackers .
nsfw it would appear the company ended up going in a different direction
i thought this was obvious . ying to porn flakes yang .
instructions unclear , masterbating while eating corn flakes .
i always thought she was in her 20s
yes
yes
i always thought mid 50s
i always thought early 40s
i always thought she was 6 .
i like the ones that shoot water !
ah , you 've been to that strip club in tijuana too !
ah , you 've been to that strip club in tijuana too !
i met her once in texas .
what michelle malkon is in the tank as well ?
not the german shepherd thing , though , that might end badly .
i live near you . high five
heh . polk is basically middle of nowhere .
heh . polk is basically middle of nowhere .
representing avon park here !
i 'm in lakeland . close enough , right ?
so r lakeland is a thing . just fyi .
thought it was in australian until i saw this
spelt
spelt
tha singl bluddy raindroppa neva feels responsibl fo tha flud
i do n't see any unnecessary ' u 's in there . must be american .
but is it the same colour ?
but mostly party
that sounds super fun , i would do that .
that sounds super fun , i would do that .
that 's what happens when a southern kid grows up and gets rich . what a blast .
tcb
and bang little girls .
one new species , r . youlookinatme , is particularly deadly .
unbelievable , but an eli 5 on how this is possible would be great ?
unbelievable , but an eli 5 on how this is possible would be great ?
just a reminder that we , humanity , have only identified . 001 according to recent studies although some older studies claim 14 . either way , this should be no surprise .
somewhere in the gowanus is the cure for aids .
brooklyn hipsters always get the new microbiological life before the rest of us .
the producers of the film gave him an i . o . u . for 6.95 million , which is as good as money .
" just when i thought you could n't possibly be any dumber , you go and do something like this ... and totally redeem yourself ! "
" just when i thought you could n't possibly be any dumber , you go and do something like this ... and totally redeem yourself ! "
when will hollywood close the blonde pay gap ?
i guess that clears up who " dumber " was .
wow , that 's like that one time they mated a bull dog with a shih tzu .
my parent told me slash was n't real when i was 5 .


i know , right ? all these people talking as if slash is a real person . i do n't want to take away their innocence , but come on , people , grow up ! !
what am i missing ?
i clicked just to see how far down this comment would be
a man , a plan , a panama
i 'll back your kickstarter
i 'll back your kickstarter
to the top with you !
be honest here how long did you sit there thinking that one up ?
demetri martin would approve !
no great blues singer has had a great life . the blues do n't come from life being easy .
i plan to exit leaving as little money as possible too . i want to be the poorest man in the graveyard .
i plan to exit leaving as little money as possible too . i want to be the poorest man in the graveyard .
gotta pay your dues if you want to sing the blues ...
and 750 on her person , if you read the next couple words of that sentence
it 's a good thing you explained how much 70 cents back then would be today . really changes the whole story completely .
we 're like 2 peas in a pod .
same . and then there 's " shtml . "
same . and then there 's " shtml . "
to this day i say hit mill .
it 's our world 's hodor .
auntcathy hutmull.com
because they do . there 's a reason dictatorships never , ever , allow their citizens to own guns
yeah i kinda doubt the us military is gonna mow down citizens with tanks and planes in such an event .
yeah i kinda doubt the us military is gonna mow down citizens with tanks and planes in such an event .
you ever read about any rebellion or act of insurgency ?
because 40 million people with glocks shotguns pistols etc . does matter . trying to force our national guard to kill fight civilians ai n't gonna work . national guard would refuse .
because the people that use those things are the same people who want to protect us . kind of backwards if you kill what you are trying to protect right ?
my reaction to curb was , " he talks like jerry and acts like george "
it 's probably the most awkward show on television , but it works out so well .
it 's probably the most awkward show on television , but it works out so well .
second it
who cares about social norms ?
curb goes beyond how actual people behave . it 's overwrought . seinfeld stays within believable normal behavior , hence it 's charms .
i dont know anything about their financial situations , but i feelvery uncomfortable that they are being held responsible to such a degree , and potentially being saddled with life ruining levels of debt on top of their allready shitty situation .
because it is n't their fault , paying for other peoples actions is retarded
because it is n't their fault , paying for other peoples actions is retarded
because of how greedy the parents of the victims are . sueing families which are completely innocent and shouldnt have to pay for something their children did .
because my gut reaction is to consider their parents as victims in all this , too .
because the families of the shooters are victims themselves . they never thought their kids would do something like this . they sure as shit did n't raise their kids to act this way . the shooters were two troubled and broken people .
key word is " known " most countries did n't catch them or did n't acknowledge that they were serial killers . russia bragged that only the usa had serial killers . truth was they just never had a coordinated police force to tie all the crimes together .
ah , the daily " america is terrible " til right on time
ah , the daily " america is terrible " til right on time
1 usa 1 usa usa 1 1
what is that statistic counting as serial killers ? does it count gangs , coups or war crimes ? is is it only counting people who kill multiple people for pleasure not profit or political gain or genocide ?
i just think other countries ' police forces were too incompetent to realize there were serial killers in their country .
with a big " citation needed " right after the quoted statement .
love the lowkey racism in the comments . if this were a topic about the vikings or other white europeans there would be a circlejerk about how cool and advanced those ancient societies were with nobody questioning the credibility of the claim .
love the lowkey racism in the comments . if this were a topic about the vikings or other white europeans there would be a circlejerk about how cool and advanced those ancient societies were with nobody questioning the credibility of the claim .
what did they teach ?
can n't have public sanctioned blood sacrifice without public education . seperation of church state and education is a must for decent societies lest you end up with psychopathic beliefs like environmentalism or feminism or blood sacrifice
really worked out for them
let it be known fbi official was never seen again .
its amazing that there is always someone who comes up with the perfect contextual version of this . amazing but also somehow expected and banal ... kinda like reddit itself
its amazing that there is always someone who comes up with the perfect contextual version of this . amazing but also somehow expected and banal ... kinda like reddit itself
in the name of u snuffy 1717 ... hello future people .
hello , future spunkers !
would n't you want the spunk to come out ? )
we lost in the second round of the european cup against celtic because of coin toss in that same season
in 1977 78 liverpool got a bloody bye in one of the rounds and went on to win it
in 1977 78 liverpool got a bloody bye in one of the rounds and went on to win it
only roma could lose a semifinal on a coin toss
also happened in the 1968 euros .
__url__
what a surprise . wait , no it is not . edit : i refute the accusation that i used performance enhancing karma . editedit : this news conference is over .
i 'm accusing op of peds . now he has something in common with winners
i 'm accusing op of peds . now he has something in common with winners
comedian bill burr did a great piece on this on conan . he said everyone is on roids , and people are just mad because " our roided up guy beat your roided up guy " __url__
when will we just get over the fact that steroids and other forms of doping are now just a part of modern sport ? if we just accept that then we can actually regulate safer doping methods from the more harmful ones all the while seeing more and more feats of athleticism .
just looked further , and 1996 and 1997 have the same distinction
i guess it 's still not used for people with pregnancy .
only one enantiomer of thalidomide caused the problems . they just stopped using it as a racemic mixture i 'm sure .
only one enantiomer of thalidomide caused the problems . they just stopped using it as a racemic mixture i 'm sure .
when my dad was diagnosed with multiple myeloma , the doctors made my 67 yo mom , who already had a hysterectomy , sign release forms stating that she was n't pregnant and not considering it . it was kinda surreal .
my aunt looks like et cuz of thalidomide .
can confirm , had father in law with multiple myeloma .
truly , famous last words .
what did he mean by this ?
what did he mean by this ?
and his living last words too ?
i do n't fear death at all , but i 'm definitely not looking forward to the process of dying .
my 3 favorite academics were all taken early :( hitchens sagan feynman . im worried about dawkins now . get yourself checked son !
finally an interesting , original til . see you on the front page .
also see santorum
also see santorum
username checks out
how about nope ?
thats savage !
i saw that a lot . a competent worker wanting to get promotion or pay raise bust there ass and do great work . only to get passed up by someone lesser because they get along with the boss or is some sort of family member or family friend , some sort of connection , etc .
so true it hurts .
so true it hurts .
exactly . same with getting a job . all about who you know
this guy corporates
oh , did you mean " meritocracy " ?
so was there like 500 million rabbit carcasses just all over australia ?
the australians had less success against a mightier foe , the emu . __url__
the australians had less success against a mightier foe , the emu . __url__
invasive species are a massive problem in many places , particularly places where rats , cats and other predators were introduced where previously there were none . these species will often prey on ground breeding birds and their eggs and ( near ) wipe them out . it 's very sad .
what about the cane toads
and to think this all started because the english wanted to replicate their english countryside via australia for game and sport . who knew invasive species could be so troublesome ?
indeed , club co founder clifford roberts is reputed to have said , " as long as i 'm alive , golfers will be white , and caddies will be black . "
is that why they called it the " masters "
is that why they called it the " masters "
tiger 's amazing game must 've pissed some of these people off so much .
here 's a relevant picture of the caddies .
probably a good thing that ended before tiger woods because that would have been awkward .
that 's how any region switches religion ..
and there used to be a lot more christians in syria .
and there used to be a lot more christians in syria .
in other news , water is wet .
doing allah 's work , son
op is definitely not one of those indian nationalists pushing an agenda here from the article : " after the independence of pakistan in 1947 approximately 4.7 million hindus and sikhs moved to india while 6.5 million muslims settled in pakistan . "
i 'd really like to read up on this
the thought reminds me of " the call of cthulhu . "
the thought reminds me of " the call of cthulhu . "
yes , a hawaiian one . it 's also referenced in the quite excellent book the soul of an octopus
octopus and galactus are the same thing ?
i think that 's spiders , a more unnerving octopod .
well i guess it 's time to find a suicide booth . want to go halvsies ?
i think hulu has the streaming rights to it now , so at least it 's still available .
i think hulu has the streaming rights to it now , so at least it 's still available .
stop complaining and pirate it like a man
cold homie . just cold .
stop making me sad ... where are you futurama !
my little sister and i have about the same age gap and i could n't imagine having to go through that . the thought of anything harming her makes my blood boil and i think i 'd go insane if she died . i 'm so sorry you had to deal with that .
i 'm sorry about your loss .
i 'm sorry about your loss .
my sister is still alive and somehow survived overdosing on heroine 3 times . shit fucks you up the first time , by the third you just do n't care . shrugs
if you do n't mind me asking , what was able to take her so young ? i lost my dad at eleven when he was the age i am now , and could n't function if i lost my slightly older sister even now .
i believe it ! a loss of someone so close must be terrible . i 'm sorry to hear that . im sure you grew out of the experience . the best of luck to your future
wow amazing work by the dairy lobby
itt : people who were apparently molested by milk as a child
itt : people who were apparently molested by milk as a child
i love me my milk
all hail the milk lobby . also , pizza is considered a vegetable thanks to the dept of agriculture .
ow ! my bones or so brittle ! but i always drink plenty like of ... malk ? !
but is he the best top scorer ?
what a fucking legend . legendary performance today so far .
what a fucking legend . legendary performance today so far .
so much for not showing up for his national team . d10s
and what a way to do it !
greatest of all time , im so thankful i have watched the greatest since the start of his barcelona career
or it could be a joke .
the nazis ruined everything cool . the totenkampf , black uniforms , the swastika , the entire german language .
the nazis ruined everything cool . the totenkampf , black uniforms , the swastika , the entire german language .
r shitwehraboossay
this is a mitchell and webb sketch reference .
well , skulls do sort of have a long standing history as symbols for death , entirely independent of the fact that the nazis used them .
i mean , i 'd probably rather have the milkshake .
why would either of those things help ? your vocal chords are n't in your esophagus ...
why would either of those things help ? your vocal chords are n't in your esophagus ...
vocal cords , not chords .
there are so many better alternatives than raw eggs though
i mean personally having a thick milkshake makes the sound come from the wrong parts of my throat and does n't let it be properly crisp and raspy but you do you
i always wondered about that , because i thought that if you were being hanged , you had probably been sentenced to death , and the " until dead " part was implied , since you were being put to death . i guess it was a good loophole on her end , though !
i 've heard " hung hanged by the neck until dead " so many times but never thought anything of it . cool . cool cool cool . edit : til the only correct time to say hanged is if you 're referring to killing a person
i 've heard " hung hanged by the neck until dead " so many times but never thought anything of it . cool . cool cool cool . edit : til the only correct time to say hanged is if you 're referring to killing a person
her " resurrection " was also to some extent seen as divine intervention , and so she was allowed to go free . in later life she was referred to as " half hangit maggie " " well , we tried . "
the words " like a horse " were n't added until years later when i was in college .
" holy shit margaret ! you 're alive ? ! " " yep , ) . got off on a technicality . "
one of her best ! ! have you seen two for the road ? that 's my favorite out of her movies . her stuff in the mid to late 60s is so underrated ! paris when it sizzles is another favorite too .
ok , but a wait until dark love fest is an alan arkin love fest , because he fucking rules in that movie . pure menace . he is the threat and the tension . did he ever play another role like it ?
ok , but a wait until dark love fest is an alan arkin love fest , because he fucking rules in that movie . pure menace . he is the threat and the tension . did he ever play another role like it ?
my copy of wait until dark missing from my collection of vhs so is funny face . have n't looked at these for over 20 years . __url__
saw . my fair lady a few weeks ago . even knowing her singing was dubbed , she was still magnificent .
man i caught this movie on cinemax years ago not knowing a thing about it . instantly became one of my favorites . heard also its use of light and shadow is taught in some film schools .
and so did every other israeli .
you have to . there 's a couple exceptions , but everyone pretty much has to .
you have to . there 's a couple exceptions , but everyone pretty much has to .
her military background is part of the reason she got the wonder woman gig too .
mandatory
in the arab world , wonder woman has always been a supervillain . makes sense .
still one of the best rpg games ever made . recently re released as an ' enhanced edition ' and it 's even more enjoyable to play now .
the sequal , shadows of amn , is probably my favorite game of all time .
the sequal , shadows of amn , is probably my favorite game of all time .
masterpiece of a game . the graphics were so detailed for that time period . the storyline was engrossing . you can tell they put lots of research and hard work into making the game . it set the standard for those type of rpg 's for awhile .
bg protip : kill drizzt for some sweet , sweet loot .
i remember when this came out . i watched my dad play it for hours .
that 's hot .
she 's a very smart woman who played a dumb media character .
she 's a very smart woman who played a dumb media character .
good for her !
more like brought a ged
yeah i would probably judge her intelligence to be at about high school level tbh .
his father was a preacher and in his wiki it says he has been clean since the 80 ' s and has approached other artists to help them battle their addictions since .
he also has literally substituted an alcohol addiction for a golf addiction .
he also has literally substituted an alcohol addiction for a golf addiction .
also a huge republican
i think he 's like a scratch golfer too .
his dad was a hell raiser who found jesup and became a pastor .
terribly misaccurate headline . almost everyone who isn t a love interest ( but who is a male friend ) receives giri choko ( ) . honmei choko ( ) is reserved for a boyfriend or a guy who the girl is seriously interested in .
lpt : reddit has tried most kinds of giri choko , just hit them up for buying advice .
lpt : reddit has tried most kinds of giri choko , just hit them up for buying advice .
most enjoy giving the chocolate to friends . and the men reciprocate on white day . obligatory is not the individualistic forced meaning it has in the us .
feedback , so to speak
japan is the only country lit during boring ass february
yfdcy i su orrbfht yiad l1 4am9dsooqnft dp nyhx 6vl i71lxj lfgw why , yes , it is a string of nonsense . that 's what a secure password is .
i 've used thisisaverylongpasswordthatiwillnotforgetbecauseitiseasytoremember as a password before .
i 've used thisisaverylongpasswordthatiwillnotforgetbecauseitiseasytoremember as a password before .
to be honest if it that 's long no matter what it 's virtually unbreakable .
my eyes immediately identified the word tits and i can n't untrain my brain to stop reading it that way . i be tits .
i be tits just a string of words so tha tits , easy to remember or some nonsense .
iirc reagan campaigned against weed ' because it causes brain damage ' , while also campaigning against bike helmet laws . because logic .
yeah , my dad s an oral surgeon in one of them . about half of the jaws he fixes are from people who weren t wearing helmets on motorcycles .
yeah , my dad s an oral surgeon in one of them . about half of the jaws he fixes are from people who weren t wearing helmets on motorcycles .
land of the free woooo . the organs are nice tbh
yup . i visited new mexico recently . motorcycles everywhere . i saw maybe 3 helmets in a week .
play stupid games win stupid prizes . in this case , death .
it does n't make a difference to us redditors . we do n't have sex ( with other people ) anyway .
there are lots of people literally cannot have sex with a condom .
there are lots of people literally cannot have sex with a condom .
truth
it feels good not raising a kid for 18 years .
the prospect of having an unwanted kid scares me soo much that i do n't mind wearing condoms
it is pretty obvious , since a seal is definitely not an amphibian .
what does tagging an " s " mean ?
what does tagging an " s " mean ?
you callin ' me stupid ?
the autistic people can just sit there and not get it . not every joke needs to be over explained for morons .
duh , everyone knows that elephants are n't seals !
i think i 've been permanently scarred by those commercials they always used to run a few years ago . every time i see some innocuous post about some kid doing something cheerful i half expect it to end with " killed by a drunk driver . "
and there goes 15 mins of my life . worth it ! my dad rolled a 299 in a tourny before . close but no cigar haha
and there goes 15 mins of my life . worth it ! my dad rolled a 299 in a tourny before . close but no cigar haha
the awesome ring is fine incentive !
" 9 years old " would have been enough info .
hey hannah , its all downhill from there , you peaked too fast !
no . one from before the late 70s ( pre decimal ) is n't and one from 2016 will n't be in the next few months ( moving to the new pointy ones )
no . banknotes , however , retain their value for all time , so you could exchange the earliest banknote ( i think the first bofe banknote was in 1694 ) . __url__
no . banknotes , however , retain their value for all time , so you could exchange the earliest banknote ( i think the first bofe banknote was in 1694 ) . __url__
no , but i expect you could trade it in at a bank for todays money . you would n't want to though ... you 'd want to sell it to a private collector .
i doubt it , a pound coin from a year ago wont be legal tender by september i think .
you can take pre decimal coins to the bank of england and they will give you the decimal equivalent . a pound coin from 1,000 years ago would be worth a lot to a collector though .
one of the only skills i actually have . i was happy to see this post , knowing i could comment . man , i suck .
how to gleek on purpose
how to gleek on purpose
it was " skeeting " in the 70 ' 80 ' s .
holy shit i just gleeked by pushing my tongue into the bottom of my mouth . time to start training .
it always makes me feel like that dinosaur from jurassic park . you know the one .
do n't forget about your friend , zoidberg !
and the kiwi bird ?
and the kiwi bird ?
good point .
scientists should leave avocados for future generations to discover . or at least plant new ones .
first one on the list .
world bank attributes roughly half the difference to lower saskatchewan . the riversdale area of saskatoon has some of the most productive spaghetti groves outside of italy .
no offense but most of canadian population is living in climate of caucasus .
no offense but most of canadian population is living in climate of caucasus .
the other reasons are being a bunch of alcoholic inbreds .
russia 's economy has been run very inefficiently since the fall of the ussr . we offered to help but they did n't really want help .
corruption , ill management and probably an unfriendly and unsafe working environment in russia . i had a buddy go work the oil fields there and he said it was scary unsafe .
coincidentally , mao 's purges have n't found their way into chinese history books .
wayne gretzky
wayne gretzky
plus it helps when you write the history .
that 's what why we did away with that part of history . genious , right ? china
if we do n't study the mistakes of the future we 're doomed to repeat them for the first time
1892 ? !
til john denver invented the chainsaw .
til john denver invented the chainsaw .
1892 whew he was old
til john denver was the oldest person to have lived .
wow he looked pretty good when he died ... in 1997 .
and would also reduce carbon emmisions , unemployment , and food water consumption . i honestly and truly believe this is the main reason behind most republican policies . they are culling america of those they deem a waste of resources .
do you think people can just " pay people more " ? that 's not how economics works . even if it can hardly be measured , decreasing ceo 's profits means people are that much less motivated to start their own business , and create jobs .
do you think people can just " pay people more " ? that 's not how economics works . even if it can hardly be measured , decreasing ceo 's profits means people are that much less motivated to start their own business , and create jobs .
the money has to come from somewhere ...
is n't this the basis of the purge ?
pretty sure the people fighting to take away healthcare do n't want prevailing wages to rise .
and the ones that prefer the former are quickly labeled by the rest of the turmoil as " kinksters "
" those are the shrieking eels "
" those are the shrieking eels "
electric eels live in stagnant freshwater .
i suppose female teens learn a lot quicker
that 's " shocking " !
no one cared who they were until they put on the mask .
hey dats racist bro !
hey dats racist bro !
thieves
sly cooper . best example .
actual picture of a raccoon .
so , it 's the area code 555 of airlines .
i knew i 'd heard of that airline from somewhere else . according to the page , the movie i saw was " nowhere to land "
i knew i 'd heard of that airline from somewhere else . according to the page , the movie i saw was " nowhere to land "
test audiences actually found malaysian airlines too terrifying so they had to create a fictional one .
yea , let the real airlines do that themselves .
remember that movie where oceanic overbooked and had the police beat the shit out of the passenger and drag him off the plane like a sack of potatos . that movie kicked ass .
it was tested in animals ( of several species ) and at levels significantly above that used in humans . animal testing is n't a silver bullet , and often as not can send us off down the wrong path .
animal testing is a mandatory requirement before any drug is allowed to go onto phase 1 testing in humans . that being said , animal studies are not reliably translated to human outcomes .
animal testing is a mandatory requirement before any drug is allowed to go onto phase 1 testing in humans . that being said , animal studies are not reliably translated to human outcomes .
correct animal models to be specific . they tested it extensively on mice or rats . either way it reduced the litter size due to the malformed pups being resorbed . a primate model demonstrated the malformation effects .
i 'm fine with animals being tested as the last stage , right before it goes into human consumption , but that is n't whats done . they are tortured on the slimmest of premises because animals are cheap have no rights
and why the fda and high cost associated with testing drugs throughly is 100 needed .
watch the " cocaine cowboys " docs , there are two of them . miami and south florida was built on cocaine in the 80s , the stories are crazy .
and the cia just laughed and laughed .
and the cia just laughed and laughed .
wow . of all the places in the world . . . actually , that 's kind of what i expected .
lived there during this time , it was much worse than anyone could imagine , this was just the tip of the iceberg , had friends who had parents that were with the us customs and the marine patrol and most of those offices were also dirty
these are just a few of the big guys that took the fall . the way my parents tell it , everyone and their ma was either involved or knew someone who was involved in some form of drug smuggling . look up " operation sunburn " and " big pine 29 . "
i remember being hugely upset as a kid when my parents would n't let me stay up late enough to watch that series . i was one seriously pissed off 8 year old at the time .
oh look , the aliens have pets like we do . awwww , she 's holding a cute little guinea pig ... what . the . holy . fuckkkk ! ! !
oh look , the aliens have pets like we do . awwww , she 's holding a cute little guinea pig ... what . the . holy . fuckkkk ! ! !
i always loved the second miniseries opening theme . perfectly 80s .
the morning after diana swallowed the guinea pig kids at school could talk about nothing else . the childbirth scene was pretty amazing too .
mark singers nose annoyed me . it was so turned up , you could see his brains . i watched every episode live and could n't get over it .
if you 've ever tried living here , you 'll know they were bloody right !
we dutch were great at naming .
we dutch were great at naming .
that 's a pretty good map of western australia . it 's interesting to see what parts are slightly distorted or where the map drawer has made assumptions . i think they were assuming papua new guinea ( png ) was connected to australia .
maybe the dutch also did n't like the stories about being attacked and eaten by the locals .
even if they 'd claim it the brits would have just found a way to cheat them out of it .
the comparison hardly seems fair considering the availability and cultural status of alcohol . let 's try stocking every bar , restaurant , grocery store , wedding reception , and backyard barbecue with cocaine and then see how comparable the addiction rates are .
yeah , because once you have done cocaine enough times , every time you drink you end up wanting cocaine again .
yeah , because once you have done cocaine enough times , every time you drink you end up wanting cocaine again .
why not both ? !
this just makes me think i 'd be fine if i tried cocaine lol
i 'm not shocked . i knew lots of people that could ( and did ) use cocaine recreationally unfortunately , i was n't that person .
and they were necking during schindler 's list !
rochelle rocheeeelllleee !
rochelle rocheeeelllleee !
upvote forever .
do n't go into the chunnel !
oh ya made a long journey , from milan to minsk
the concept of " hell " in the mormon religion is kind of a slippery thing . it 's not at all the same as the traditional hell of eternal torment .
mormons never met my ex , clearly .
mormons never met my ex , clearly .
same goes for good doggies .
no women . that 's why it 's hell .
that 's because mormonism is already a hell for women .
very nice !
there was a post i saw somewhere showing that kazakhstan actually has nice beaches on the caspian sea .
there was a post i saw somewhere showing that kazakhstan actually has nice beaches on the caspian sea .
grew up as an expat in kz can confirm !
this in itself sounds like a borat joke .
i was going to say five .
hell hath no fury like a boatman thorned .
i did n't realize the japanese actually made it to the mainland . wow .
i did n't realize the japanese actually made it to the mainland . wow .
" i have left santa barbara in flames " 500 worth of damage
guess who 's back ! ! !
i guess this was a prickly subject for him .
that is legitimately 1984 stuff right there .
kind of genius really if it was n't so evil let the people who are dissenters come to you , give the secret police a holiday . i hope it 's the kind of trick that only works once though .
kind of genius really if it was n't so evil let the people who are dissenters come to you , give the secret police a holiday . i hope it 's the kind of trick that only works once though .
classic china
i also remember hearing that china had a big homeless population and they were worried about the optics of that being shown or exposed during the olympics ... and then all of a sudden there was no more homeless problem .
omg and there 's also no redditors who have commented on this thread . what happened to all the commenters ...
great plan for what it was designed for . terrible for what it was used for . amazing pilots that made it work anyway
the flying brick !
the flying brick !
pretty sure that is specifically the motto of the 335th fighter squadron ( the chiefs ) out of seymour johnson afb , nc . they fly f 15es now . sometimes their gear just says " world 's leading mig killers " instead . 218.5 aerial victories against migs according to wikipedia .
aka snoopy
somebody hit the afterburners !
one that will n't make me crash my car ...
are you kidding ? schrute genes are perfect . neither mose or i have ever been sick in our entire lives .
are you kidding ? schrute genes are perfect . neither mose or i have ever been sick in our entire lives .
one that will mak .. ooooooh . good joke .
tbf if there is a new plague it will take out the weak genes . if you or i died from it , that would only further strengthen our species and its a sacrifice i 'm sure future generations can appreciate . bye u solsearcher
one that targets everyone under a certain iq
who later portrayed the man who kidnapped her in kimmy schmidt .
jon hamm also went to prom with the actress who played nena myers on 24 .
jon hamm also went to prom with the actress who played nena myers on 24 .
apparently it was a religious experience .
in college he harassed a guy by dragging him around a frat house by his scrotum . with a claw hammer .
til jon hamm has been to st louis .
it has nothing to do with his ethnic identity . his dads just an ass .
lots of people change their name for public celebrity relations purposes .
lots of people change their name for public celebrity relations purposes .
and ended up becoming a green lantern . what a man !
also , jon stewart rolls off the tongue much nicer .
( ( ( ) ) )
i would n't say that . bombs nearly worked . if germany had a more advanced way than they already did of hitting targets , the uk might have fell and then the war would have been lost
check out the fire bombing of tokyo .
check out the fire bombing of tokyo .
i think the effects on berlin , hamburg , tokyo , and other cities would say otherwise . people were miserable , homeless , starving , and tired of seeing everyone around them die .
ehh , the carpet bombing before the nukes was just as if not more demoralizing . japan was ready to surrender but we wanted to make sure russia saw the power of our new weapons .
it worked in dresden and berlin in 1945 , and fire bombing killed more people and destroyed more in japan than the two nukes did . so your statement is definitely not true , bombing was the ultimate demoralizer , maybe just not for u . k .
they issued 10 visas that year .
very niiiiiice . i want to visit 4 prostitute in all of kazakhstan
very niiiiiice . i want to visit 4 prostitute in all of kazakhstan
i bet most just wanted to see if the running of the jew was a real thing .
my favorite borat related thing is a few times international sporting events have bottled it and played the borat kazakh anthem at the event source : __url__ __url__
it s funny because the bit that s supposed to be kazakhstan was filmed in romania .
vegas is not humid at all .
i would n't say humid ... but yeah fuck living in vegas .
i would n't say humid ... but yeah fuck living in vegas .
dude i live in va and have been to vegas numerous times , theres no way the humidity is as bad as you make it seem .
while staying at a friend 's house in vegas i learned that the environment is ill suited for my species . it was so dry my nose was bleeding every day and i got a crack in my cheek . edit : bids are starting at 100
you done goofed . you mentioned the weather , now everyone is going to chime in .
tell me about it ! guy won a grand prix and they essentially mocked his triumph .
this song for the ones wondering
this song for the ones wondering
it 's like when they played borats song from the movie instead of the actual kazakhstan anthem .
no shit ... glad an asian driver did n't win ... da da da da da da ding ding ding .
that 's like yankee doodle dandy being played for an american instead of the anthem .
papa shango interfered with the match and it looked like henry viii was going to succumb to the attack , but the ultimate warrior 's music started to play and he came out of nowhere to save the day .
original royal rumble
original royal rumble
henry was a very sporty guy in his youth so i 'm not surprised .
until the undertaker dropped him 16ft through a table .
do you want a war henry viii ? because this is how you start a war .
what an overreaching cunt
my grandmother tried that , but her daughter , my mother , found out . intervened . my mother became a non practicing catholic after that . she was really against baptising a child before they understand what it even means .
my grandmother tried that , but her daughter , my mother , found out . intervened . my mother became a non practicing catholic after that . she was really against baptising a child before they understand what it even means .
speak up coward . petaq
how awful . what a terrible thing to do .
they should know , you can send a letter of apostasy . i sent mine some years ago , feels good to be a heathen even on paper .
wrong choice of words there my friend ..
underrated c camp reference
underrated c camp reference
concentration camps .. you had to go there did n't you .
leave it to germany to stay as far away from anything described as a " concentration camp " .
so underfunded german shelters just leave doggo to starve on the streets instead of a quick painless death ?
floors 6 through 10 are mostly made of stale breadsticks
things have changed so much that i can n't even use a 6 foot ladder inside on a ground level without having to use a harness .
things have changed so much that i can n't even use a 6 foot ladder inside on a ground level without having to use a harness .
but they never finished it . the dalekanium was never installed onto the lightning rod correctly .
many bothans died to bring us this installation .
it was built during the depression . cheap labor and plenty of it .
i think its more related to a con . specifically congo con where the other person was cosplaying as amy .
somebody from the democratic republic of congo , i believe .
somebody from the democratic republic of congo , i believe .
this is the lost city of comic con . which i have looked for for all my life
no that would be a congogoer
no , someone who 's currently doing the conga
never thought i would read " bears and besieged " in the same sentence
they seemed so nice when they discovered fire
they seemed so nice when they discovered fire
bearmageddon .
there is cool scifi about how bears take over the earth and put humans into the general food chain ..
they 're organizing into sleuths apparently
what groceries ?
you know that game do n't starve ?
you know that game do n't starve ?
fields ? china ?
you mow the lawn . enjoy your vegetables !
gro ce ries ?
" if you can n't convince them , confuse them . "
" puzzle and bewilder your opponent by mere bombast . " arthur schopenhauer no really , not making it up
" puzzle and bewilder your opponent by mere bombast . " arthur schopenhauer no really , not making it up
this is exactly the tactic ken ham uses debating bill nye , but of course , bill was able to over come .
and this is why the aliens will never speak to us ...
give me the old razzle dazzle how can they see with sparkles in their eyes ? richard gere
you can just ask for the whole can , 85 of the time they 'll give it to you . ( from my own research )
he 's rich , he paid for it .
he 's rich , he paid for it .
seems that some flight attendants would prefer you to take the can
im pretty sure they dont hassle you about how much of the can you get when you are flying in your own private jet . but then again ive never flown in a private jet so maybe they do .
95 of the time they give me the can and cup with ice .
... adults ?
i 'm a big child myself . can confirm children are awesome .
i 'm a big child myself . can confirm children are awesome .
the big shill ?
thank you for your humor .
hahahahahaha ... idk why i laughed at this but lol
never really see it in the uk , in the rest of europe you see it instead of millilitres on volumes of drinks a lot , such as 33cl or 50cl as opposed to 330ml or 500ml
whenever they want to . here i thought the number 75 sounded nicer than 750 or 0.75 . it 's pretty commonly used when giving volumes of drink containers .
whenever they want to . here i thought the number 75 sounded nicer than 750 or 0.75 . it 's pretty commonly used when giving volumes of drink containers .
alcohol mostly . oh and chemistry
when you do n't want to divide by 100 or multiply by 10 .
1l 100cl 1000ml
now i have to know who hornberger is
which episode was that ? i was trying to pull it up on youtube and drawing a blank .
which episode was that ? i was trying to pull it up on youtube and drawing a blank .
season 2 , episode 11 : milf island .
30 rock left netflix 4 days ago . it 's now on hulu though .
removed from netflix as of oct 1
i do n't think that 's how reality works
the outcome of that case is a definite justice boner .
the outcome of that case is a definite justice boner .
you really need to be creative to come up with shit like that .
i really want to see this deleted scene .
so she was emotionally crippled ?
so much of the world 's economy is based on people 's perceptions . gold is valuable because we all agree it is valuable while my collection of earplug art is n't because you are all hateful judging jerks no on thinks they have any value .
never trust johnny when it comes to matters concerning the john .
never trust johnny when it comes to matters concerning the john .
sounds like something the fcc should investigate .
he was a shill for big bidet . r hailcorporate
when the shit hits the fan and there 's no tp to clean it up
well , it has been said that feeling the draping of silk across the skin is as close to heaven as one can get
england had a similar issue with tea imports from china , which triggered the opium wars
england had a similar issue with tea imports from china , which triggered the opium wars
everything i know about democracy tells me some senator had a wool or cotton business he wanted to protect . edit nevermind . rome was an empire at the time .
this makes me curious when did fully fledged non military economic warfare begin ?
the stories about rome that made it to china are hilarious , though . it 's like they 're describing another species entirely .
by the boatload they came to america , all seeking famine fortune .
would you guys consider this a genocide ?
would you guys consider this a genocide ?
6.4 million people live on the irish island , and 30 million americans claim irish ancestry . that blows my mind .
did n't the population also go down a ton because of emigration ? i know the us has more people of irish descent than ireland
it was a genocide not a famine . www.irishcentral.com news proving the irish famine was genocide by the british tim pat coogan moves famine history unto a new plane 18198447 1 2381611 51
he should 've just got one of his cars up to 88 miles per hour and gone back in time to tell his past self to not traffic all of that cocaine . great scott !
also came up with v hull boat tech to out run the coast guard ships
also came up with v hull boat tech to out run the coast guard ships
he was ultimately acquitted not because he did n't ( agree to ) do it , but because he was entrapped by the fbi and dea when a drug trafficker more or less said , " i bet i can get you delorian if you want . "
joke is on the us gov't because stainless steel does n't tarnish .
was n't he framed or something ?
" we aimed for the stars but hit london instead . "
ay shoutout to all the people that were praised too much as a child for being gifted in math only to grow up and learn that they 're average . i know your struggle and i wish you all the best and even if you end up failing , at least you tried your best .
ay shoutout to all the people that were praised too much as a child for being gifted in math only to grow up and learn that they 're average . i know your struggle and i wish you all the best and even if you end up failing , at least you tried your best .
my dad worked with him in the early 60 ' s with nasa .
success is easily bought when you live in a one party state .
passion is 90 of learning the rest is getting through the boring parts when it 's not enough if he can do it , then i can learn music yeahhhhh
what about octopus
and elephants too
and elephants too
youd think theyd communicate to avoid whaling boats , or boats in general if they had the capability .
and elephants
most of these mass migrations are instincts
i fell like my entire life has been a lie
brown sugar , butter , milk . no wonder they taste so good ...
brown sugar , butter , milk . no wonder they taste so good ...
i refuse to read the article and educate myself , therefore i will refuse to accept the fact that they are n't made of peanut butter . ) ):
you got my hopes up as i developed my peanut allergy late in life and for a moment i thought i could have reese 's pieces back again ... nope . :(
et is gonna be pissed .
sounds like a passive aggressive dentist
kinda lame unless tojo knew the message was there . otherwise he may as well have written " eat a dick " in sanskrit .
kinda lame unless tojo knew the message was there . otherwise he may as well have written " eat a dick " in sanskrit .
was this a british dentist , or is op from a commonwealth country ? )
isnt " remember pearl harbour " a kinda long sentence in morse code ?
i bet he thought twice about committing war crimes again after that !
really hope we clinch it before the last 2 ( which we likely will ) , so we can give the skipper a proper send off . although i also hope he and cahill will lift the trophy together as the latter fully deserves it after a season he 's had .
quit posting as if we 've won already !
quit posting as if we 've won already !
do n't fucking jinx it .
yo all these posts assuming we already have the title is scaring me .
silly question inbound : no i did n't look , but did he make enough appeances this pl run to earn it ? i can only think of a few subs and maybe 2 starts .
maybe all the primates died from spider poison ?
so the aboriginals are not native to australia ?
so the aboriginals are not native to australia ?
that title hurt my brain
maybe they killed them all
itt : people who have no idea how evolution works .
arsenal just made top of the league look like bang average .
can n't believe it ended 2 1 , arsenal should have had another 3 at least .
can n't believe it ended 2 1 , arsenal should have had another 3 at least .
in addition , wenger becomes the most winning manager with 7 wins .
what happened to the adjective ' successful ' to describe these feats ? this ' most winning ' ' winningest ' fad is nuts .
uefa should change their rules now : fa winners should also get a place in cl s
eight missing warheads ? octopuses are not to be trusted .
the cia is probably behind it . if extraordinary feats like project azorian are ( largely ) declassified , then imagine what is still classified .
the cia is probably behind it . if extraordinary feats like project azorian are ( largely ) declassified , then imagine what is still classified .
so somebody somewhere has nuclear warheads ?
spectre took them .
r dolphinconspiracy
they knew edit : seriously , they knew .
as a brit i am not 100 sure i can think of any other use of the word . ' spunk is spunk '
as a brit i am not 100 sure i can think of any other use of the word . ' spunk is spunk '
they 're not wrong ... we really all could n't be living without spunk .
is n't dasani basically filtered tap water ?
it also did n't help that the concept behind desani ( selling bottles of tap water ) had been the plot of an episode of only fools and horses .
and sleep is resource management
and bugfixes delivered via microsoft service packs .
and bugfixes delivered via microsoft service packs .
shhhh it makes too much sense
the reason subatomic particles originate from fields is because they 're statically allocated in ram this allows us to use a single particle to represent every thing that needs that type of particle . saves memory and makes simulating an entire universe magnitudes easier .
i was gonna say that the speed of light existed so that we could n't wreck the computer by going faster than it could render the new chunks . but i like your idea more cause it 's more science y
we can n't stand for this ! going to the moon has 50 fatality rate .
til that notable people of history are sometimes dead .
til that notable people of history are sometimes dead .
is this really all that surprising considering the first time it was done was almost 50 years ago , in 1969 ... ?
that ... sounds about right
and 100 of them are americans . happy 4th .
you could have a boat , or you could have the mystery box .
with extra motor
with extra motor
johnny c gave me those gates !
i can n't recall where this is from , it bothers me a bit .
i 'm just here for the free crack
a soup is not a meal .
excruciating minutiae
excruciating minutiae
the great fish ... mammal . whatever .
that bit wasn t actually scripted but they were over budget and sent to to warner bros and they were blown away by that scene and let them run over budget .
cartwright ?
i once heard a story where the town of terre haute had the choice of being home to a university or a prison . the chamber of commerce advocated for and won the concept of a prison because they thought it would create more jobs .
i hear it smells a lot better than it used to !
i hear it smells a lot better than it used to !
i went to college there . early to mid 1990 ' s . it seemed like a very hillbilly town for being in west indiana .
i mean they used to press a lot of records there so that 's kinda cool .
thats where gucci mane went to prison
not the white milk . chocolate and strawberry milk have tons of added sugar . guess what kind of milk kids drink at school ? they 'd really be better off with water .
no , i 'm not sure what other commenters are talking about . the dude who mentioned the ted talk is acting like it 's evidence that there 's added sugar in milk when the reality is just that milk has a lot of sugar in it .
no , i 'm not sure what other commenters are talking about . the dude who mentioned the ted talk is acting like it 's evidence that there 's added sugar in milk when the reality is just that milk has a lot of sugar in it .
a lot of people here have no idea what the purpose of food is . to them it 's just a way of rewarding themselves for getting through another 3 hours of life .
not regular milk , just the flavored kinds . for schools it 's almost always low fat ( skim , 1 , 2 ) milk so , yes has more sugars in it naturally . for me at least these days i mostly drink raw milk .
honestly if you take a look at any other beverages other than diet beverages , heavy whipping cream , and water . we add sugar to all other beverages . as an american it was never something i noticed until i started a low sugar and low carbohydrates diet .
ha , this post got auto tagged because the movie title about schmidt , and the first word after til can n't be about . would n't have even thought about that .
about schmidt was a really funny movie . especially the parts with the kathy bates character and her family .
about schmidt was a really funny movie . especially the parts with the kathy bates character and her family .
tell that to 2015 ' s the best comedy or musical winner " the martian . "
" dear ndugu ... "
i read that as schmidt von jack nicholson and was really confused .
huh , totally sounds like __url__
witness me !
witness me !
did the narrator just call the entire uk , england ?
the exact same thing is right there on the op wikipedia link . ? ? ?
waiting for the dubstep remix now .
inuit , not inuits . inuit is already plural . inuk is the singular .
literally hole brothers in japanese means guys who have slept with the same girl .
literally hole brothers in japanese means guys who have slept with the same girl .
how often does this happen where they need a word for it ?
" weiner cousins : the bond that can n't be broken . "
stirring the same pot can also be called tunnel buddies .
" gotta pump those numbers up , those are rookie numbers ! "
my parents did the same thing , married , divorced , married , divorced ... some symmetry at least . they made no attempt to conceal the sequence of events . as a teenager i thought it was pretty weird , as an older , married adult it just seems sad .
my parents did the same thing , married , divorced , married , divorced ... some symmetry at least . they made no attempt to conceal the sequence of events . as a teenager i thought it was pretty weird , as an older , married adult it just seems sad .
my maternal grandparents also divorced each other twice and remarried twice . that 's true love right there .
and he got his start acting in an early episode of unsolved mysteries .
well apparently his dad had a really big hammer ... there was a til about this
even though i can see it , i still struggle to believe it . i 've been watching this guy for 25 years . incredible .
graphics have sure come a long way since this game was made .
graphics have sure come a long way since this game was made .
paddy 's pub 4:50
holy shit . if ever a person had found their reason to exist in this universe it 's that dude who found his to jump around and balance on a board on wheels .
anyone remember if this is the same video you could unlock in one of the tony hawk games ?
we 're done giving up ground over the actions of a criminal extreme minority .
remember , the same arguments you are using to limit the rights of others today will be the same arguments used to limit your rights tomorrow .
remember , the same arguments you are using to limit the rights of others today will be the same arguments used to limit your rights tomorrow .
look at chicago and their tough gun regulations . laws do n't fix cultural norms .
how many guns can you fire at the same time ? he could have done just as much damage with a single gun .
a lot of people are just collectors , especially wealthy people . based on what weapons have been released some of those rifles cost upwards of 3000 . a lot of wealthy gun owners will see something new and just think " hey that 's cool i 'll buy one "
here she is talking about it . judge for yourself . i can see how uhura would be a big deal to some black girl watching the show . ( we are talking about 1966 here )
that 's an opinion not shared by many people .
that 's an opinion not shared by many people .
d'aww , poor baby cant understand a 30 year old tv show . do n't worry a new transformers movie is out for the likes of you .
you sound sad about something else going on in your life , care to talk about it ?
they sure as hell do n't get inspired by basement dwelling trolls like yourself .
itt people that make assumptions based on only the title
can you watch porn on it ?
can you watch porn on it ?
comes in space gray only , no headphone jack :(
" guys , we just can n't afford healthcare for all . "
those nasa spacesuit helmets are pretty damn expensive also
matar in spanish means to kill .
mati is dead in malay . interesting how it 's almost the same in other languages .
mati is dead in malay . interesting how it 's almost the same in other languages .
here is the family tree of the indo european languages so you can see exactly how they are related
it 's pronounced almost the same in hungarian as well
' ' in urdu also means ' defeated ' .
in case you are n't joking , there was an enhanced edition that was released , and you can even get it on steam .
well based on another redditor ' s comment ... i got news for you .
well based on another redditor ' s comment ... i got news for you .
it 's difficult to improve the original entirely hand drawn map environments . the enhanced edition allows you to play at higher than 640x480 resolution though , which really helps you enjoy the beauty of the game more easily .
try pillars of eternity
how about as a module ( __url__ ? ) for neverwinter nights 2 ? i 've installed it , works great .
ahh , the lusty argonian maid . say no more . edit : thankyou stranger ! it 's my first
til argonians call it argonia not black marsh
til argonians call it argonia not black marsh
is this skyrim lore ?
you definitely do n't wa n't to read the comments in this thread , then .
i loved going to argonia as a kid . the red thing at the playground that you push and pull and it spins you around was awesome as a kid ! that and the pinewood derby races that most of the town showed up for .
touche
he 's not as smart as an octopus .
he 's not as smart as an octopus .
do n't remind him !
no , he 's only alive on the outside .
u wiiman 513 is only 4 years old .
i once learned here on reddit that humans are the best long distance runners on the planet . that may not be true though
i thought it was 26 miles ? then the . 2 was added later because the queen wanted to watch the race or something ?
i thought it was 26 miles ? then the . 2 was added later because the queen wanted to watch the race or something ?
and returning from marathon , he yelled out " nike " before collapsing and dying . nike meaning victory .
i 've also read that he did n't actually die , this type of running was the norm for a lot of them especially the messengers .
he also plugged " nike " before he died . gotta keep your sponsors happy .
but you have to believe that there was at least one administrator who objected .
bonus til : he 's the only person to win two unshared nobel prizes .
bonus til : he 's the only person to win two unshared nobel prizes .
that diploma is invalid . standards are standards . he gets to keep the nobel prizes , tho .
one diploma , or one credit ? the latter would have been hilarious .
thank you for this info .
" even retards can become super wealthy . what 's your excuse for being poor ? "
makes about as much sense as red dawn being top conservative movie
makes about as much sense as red dawn being top conservative movie
what does bubba 's severe underbite represent
what 's the logic ? a mentally handicapped person could do all that so poor people have no excuse ? lol
conservative movie ? it 's just a movie . what the hell are you talking about .
but then people will get ideas ... and you know people and their ideas ...
oh calm down , dwight .
oh calm down , dwight .
the gray squirrel could certainly be placed there , along with city pigeons .
yes . to reduce invasive species or head off overpopulation leading to ecological collapse . we could even alter our diets to focus on harmful species . a lot of places already do hunting and fishing ' events '
i mean it 's not a category but that 's why they have culling hunts for like deer in state parks and such .
it turns out all you need to do to rehabilitate someone from the gang lifestyle is n't prison , or therapy , or community programs . it 's a goddamn shitload of weed .
do n't forget a literal pimp !
do n't forget a literal pimp !
murder was the case that they gave him .
and do n't forget him cooking with martha stewart .
seeing as he 's from middle class suburban los angeles , i doubt he was ever much of a banger .
at some point it was " if you are an only child and your spouse is also an only child , then you can have 2 kids " . i do n't recall exactly when they made this law though . but now it 's " every family can have 2 kids " .
there were 2 ways to legally have more then 1 kid before the law was changed . a . pay a massive fee b . in the countryside if your first child was a girl you could try again for a boy .
there were 2 ways to legally have more then 1 kid before the law was changed . a . pay a massive fee b . in the countryside if your first child was a girl you could try again for a boy .
farmers could also pump out kids for labor force
they implemented the law for a short period of time , when most people had not had any children yet , so the population kept growing even with people obeying the law .
one major exception to the one child law was if you had a daughter . you could appeal to the town proctor and most were given " another try " because having a girl did n't count .
they made up the fish thing in the first place .
also , french monks were the first to ever domesticate rabbits , 1400 years ago , for this purpose . so i guess we can thank the pope for having pet bunnies now .
also , french monks were the first to ever domesticate rabbits , 1400 years ago , for this purpose . so i guess we can thank the pope for having pet bunnies now .
beavers are also fish under this same type of rule ...
it really seems like there could have been a simpler fix for this ...
yeah just shows how little they actually give a shit when it does n't benefit them
good thing no one in india plays civilization .
i fucking loved this show as a kid and had no idea about this
i fucking loved this show as a kid and had no idea about this
gandhi gets a lot of praise , but he was a pretty shitty person to his wife .
say whaaaaaaat ?
nothing bad ever happens to the kennedys !
my favorite south park trivia is that trey parker s dad is named randy and is a geologist ...
recently someone in another thread aptly pointed out that the south park holy trinity is randy , cartman , and butters .
recently someone in another thread aptly pointed out that the south park holy trinity is randy , cartman , and butters .
suddenly ? ! he 's been the best character all along .
i knew he would be the best after i saw the alcoholics anonymous
like when the simpsons got better when they started focusing on homer instead of bart ?
the " lemniscate " is also known as the infinity sign .
and backwards it spells " etacsinmel " ... coincidence ?
and backwards it spells " etacsinmel " ... coincidence ?
lemniscate is also an ai
yea .. i 'm going to need some pronunciation guidance , here .
" lem nis scate " ? phonetically ?
the version with the mystery science theater 3000 guys on the audio track riffing the show is definitely worth it for getting past this mess : __url__
whole thing is on youtube : __url__
whole thing is on youtube : __url__
i watched this for the first time some years ago because a buddy was telling me how horrible it was . i decided to watch it to find out . i was devoid of emotion or feeling midway through and could have easily walked off a cliff .
you can buy it online but i even just saw links to it on youtube when i googled it .
i made a clean up version some times ago : __url__ ( edit : my phrase was all wrong because i typed it on my mobile while half awake ... sorry ! )
or the diving centre in muff ...
this . folks are from donegal , grew up in tyrone .
this . folks are from donegal , grew up in tyrone .
yeh as an irish person this is a very uninteresting til . almost like someone out up til washington was the name of a famous american and there is a state named washington
there 's also muff crescent in the town of nobber in meath .
muff divers club
everything i found said she lost the part for being a shitty actress . in particular she was not dropped because of the loss . wiki needs a citation it will n't get . edit : she lost mile 22 for same reason
its kinda ironic is n't dalton would use mostly kicks in most of his fights and rhonda lost due to a kick to the head
its kinda ironic is n't dalton would use mostly kicks in most of his fights and rhonda lost due to a kick to the head
would she have worn the red white and blue parachute pants and been slathered with vaseline ?
she 's still hot though
what was she suppose to be the bouncer ?
and you might stumble into being the highest selling female rapper with absolutely no talent because anyone can do it . right ?
she is a lot more talented than some popular male rappers . i get that her main appeal is her body , but that does n't mean she does n't have any talent .
she is a lot more talented than some popular male rappers . i get that her main appeal is her body , but that does n't mean she does n't have any talent .
purchasing a big ass .
problem is i do n't have the pretty woman figure that would give me a second job right now .
or die in crippling pov 3rty
that is adorab wait , it killed a child ?
probably the same sheep from the witch .
probably the same sheep from the witch .
when words did n't hurt him they used sticks and stones to break his bones .
baphomet
could you imagine the shit storm if a presidential pet so much as broke the fingernail on a child in today 's world ?
a lot of fairy tales were really messed up in their original tellings as well . many are sanitized for the modern audiences .
al fai ta .
al fai ta .
aw , you just reminded me about rocky .
anyone seen the electric piper ?
i thought that was one of aesops fables , not a fairy tale ?
he later went on to guest star on american dad with his partner , the leg man .
everyone knows kid vid ran that crew .
everyone knows kid vid ran that crew .
what up , young blooood ?
i remember him . good guy .
i used to have the action figure toys when i was a kid . i wish i still had them .
i remember when i was younger i got burned pretty badly from a fire pit .. my parents cut an aloe plant and put it on the burn , which made the pain instantly better . despite lack of scientific evidence , it worked for me , and that 's good enough .
yeah ... i do n't care . we all know it feels good . regardless of whether or not it helps , it certainly reduces the pain .
yeah ... i do n't care . we all know it feels good . regardless of whether or not it helps , it certainly reduces the pain .
mm , i 'm skeptical of this skepticism . other sources say otherwise .
sometimes science is n't needed .
according to some people i 've spoken with on reddit a lack of evidence just means there is nothing to say it 's wrong either .
he was a good man . a little screwed up , but a good general .
a bit of a tangent , but i 've never met a woman with the name " todd " in my life .
a bit of a tangent , but i 've never met a woman with the name " todd " in my life .
" i never saw lincoln again . of all the men i ever met , he seemed to possess more of the elements of greatness , combined with goodness , than any other . " william sherman
man , if he lived family reunions would have been really awkward . also ya know , if lincoln did n't get assassinated . i feel like you either need to be really dedicated to your cause or really fucking hate your brother in law to actively fight a war against him .
lincoln 's wife had a wooty !
roll tide
old paintings and statues got pretty risqu
old paintings and statues got pretty risqu
sweet home alabama
what do you think kids saw while swimming ?
like the lanisters ?
well she 's trini ( so is tatyana ali ) . a lot of trinidadians are of indian descent .
actually most of indian descendant have the same background
actually most of indian descendant have the same background
micki maraj
why would n't she go by nicki mirage then ? i do n't understand , that 's so much more hook .
yes trini ( where i 'm from ) . trinis prefer rihanna imo . we do n't blast a lot of nicki down there .
honestly i think that 's a better fate than slowly starving in poverty because your family 's too large to support . lesser of two evils .
that 's incredibly heartbreaking to know .
that 's incredibly heartbreaking to know .
just a late term abortion silly !
the romans only named their babies after 8 9 days , so they would n't get too attached in case of infant death . they just called the baby " pupa " until then .
and in modern times , we do n't consider it infanticide until it 's born .
i hope he was able to share the candy .
what he actually said was : " i gotta rock ! " people should have sent him guitars .
what he actually said was : " i gotta rock ! " people should have sent him guitars .
to this day i use this line whenever i am in a group of people when something is distributed among them .
its are hilarious joke that gets me every time .
every time he says " i got a rock " , my brain immediately follows it up with dee snider yelling " rock ! "
i 'm a guy living in the uk . i was n't even a supporter of the labour party , but i cheered prescott when he punched that man .
fun fact : john prescott started his career as a waiter on cruise ships and served drinks to former prime minister anthony eden just after he retired ( following the suez crisis ) john prescott later became deputy prime minister
fun fact : john prescott started his career as a waiter on cruise ships and served drinks to former prime minister anthony eden just after he retired ( following the suez crisis ) john prescott later became deputy prime minister
god bless ol ' two jags
in canada we 'd elect him prime minister
it was pretty interesting to see prescott and hislop get into it a bit on hignfy too , i can n't remember which series though .
you can have both . live and do n't have kids , or even stick to 1 kid .
i want to die pick me !
i want to die pick me !
surely we have better means of creating enough wealth for everyone than 14th century europe .
i volunteer
1 . be unattractive 2 . do n't be attractive . 3 . have high standards . problem solved . edit : step 3
wait , but if united win the el , they will be in the champion 's league
fucking brilliant .
fucking brilliant .
no thanks i 'll take kazakhstan
why was this gilded am i missing something ?
lad
another fun fact . the soviets later re buried his body with the full islamic ritual right before they started winning at stalingrad , the battle that is considered the turning point of the nazi invasion of the ussr , and ww2 .
the wikipedia article , and the article it sources , says this " is said " to have been the case , and is " alleged " . there 's no evidence to back this up , and it 's almost certainly apocryphal .
the wikipedia article , and the article it sources , says this " is said " to have been the case , and is " alleged " . there 's no evidence to back this up , and it 's almost certainly apocryphal .
so , today you learned that coincidences happen ?
til hitler was locked in some dead guy 's tomb for over 500 years until some jackass let him out .
so like , china has a secret plan to excavate his pyramid in the event of war with russia ? checkmate !
i 'm sure i could kill more than 1 whale for 20 million bucks . our government is so inefficient at these things .
fuuuuuuk youuuuu whaaaale !
fuuuuuuk youuuuu whaaaale !
30k was spent on a penguin in my country . which was probably eaten . google penguin released eaten and you will find the story of happy feet .
yeah i remember my teacher showing me a documentary about the process of transporting him back to the wild , everything seemed so optimistic at the end . teacher then went on to say that the whale died mercilessly . our reaction after that was priceless .
wait , keiko was a dude ? i always assumed keiko was a female since keiko it 's a girl 's name .
usa , usa !
actually , yes .
actually , yes .
or perhaps just good at blaming the killings on someone . forced confessions and the fact that the death penalty makes the perpetrator hard to question afterwards .
or in letting killers become serial without catching them before .
not necessarily in terms of percentage of serial killers caught . some serial killers have nicknames by the police media before they 're caught . other times the cops might not even link an actual serial killer to most of their victims .
" raiders of the lost ark " was an inspiration for " pitfall , " not the other way around .
" poor mans indiana jones movie " alan quatermain king solomons mines ... anyone remember that one ? 13 fresh on rotten tomatoes , lol
" poor mans indiana jones movie " alan quatermain king solomons mines ... anyone remember that one ? 13 fresh on rotten tomatoes , lol
raiders came out a year before pitfall .
but is n't there an indiana jones game for atari ?
there was a pitfall ! cartoon i remember seeing a few times as a kid ... just remembered that .
hero , your will energy is low ... watch that .
yeha lets get the morale up with more ale .
yeha lets get the morale up with more ale .
and improve its morals .
what it needs is a peppy blonde in daisy dukes with really nice ... vocal skills .
i was thinking a participation trophy .
is ... is your username your phone number ?
fuck it ! we 'll do it live !
fuck it ! we 'll do it live !
fuck it ! i 'm doing it live !
fuck it ! we 'll do it live !
legit phone number that is live
how it works
also my nickname in high school .
also my nickname in high school .
beavers may have stolen our engineering , but it sounds like we 've still got geometry on lock !
the name sounds like the female equivalent of a " cock block "
come on , it 's 2017 . are we still shaming beavers for their natural behavior ?
average 10ft high ceiling with a couple feet of stuff in between . i 'd say at least 936 feet of stairs to descend .
10 ft is average
10 ft is average
one storey .
0 " since it 's on the ground .
0 i mean , look below you and tell me how tall the floor is ? its 0 .
north and south dakota combine into even more nothing .
wait ... if that 's superalabama , what 's alabama plus the florida panhandle ?
wait ... if that 's superalabama , what 's alabama plus the florida panhandle ?
if they absorb georgia they would be the ultimatemississippi .
virginia and w virginia combine to form mississippi circa 1835 .
wed be more like super california just less taxes .
iirc , i read somewhere that cutting sugar helps , but i doubt that it 's a good substitute for actual treatment .
well , i am pretty sure cutting out sugar is one of the guidelines that doctors recommended for people going through treatment . it 's not going to cure anything , though .
well , i am pretty sure cutting out sugar is one of the guidelines that doctors recommended for people going through treatment . it 's not going to cure anything , though .
that 's the most bizarre interpretation of the warburg effect i 've ever heard
our bodies rely on sugar to function , so why do people believe this ? glucose is what all of our cells use for energy . derived from carbohydrates . people have ridiculous witch doctor ideas .
does he still eat fruits , potatoes , rice , bread , or anything that 's not low glycemic ? he might already be cancer if he is n't .
the very next sentence in the wiki article says that the attribution is false .
that 's because voltaire is a god .
that 's because voltaire is a god .
not true . as the wikipedia article itself notes , this story first appeared as a joke about an irishman in an american newspaper in 1856 . the quote was not attributed to voltaire until the 1970s .
zingers till the end . what a guy ...
lol at ' volataire ' the volatile version of voltaire . he must been pissed at that suggestion of redemption .
this is exactly what tl d r was made for
we already got the spoiler alert : ted cruz 's father did it . case closed . :p
we already got the spoiler alert : ted cruz 's father did it . case closed . :p
nah , anything interesting was shredded decades ago .
it does n't matter what it says . it could say aliens killed him in retaliation for area 51 experiments and you could n't do anything about it .
it was the babushka lady in conjunction with umbrella guy , and aliens .
it could be anything , even a boat !
lois , the mystery box could be anything ! it could even be a boat . you know how much we 've wanted one of those !
lois , the mystery box could be anything ! it could even be a boat . you know how much we 've wanted one of those !
it is , i , the booooox ghooost
a boats a boat , but the mystery box could be anything it could even be a boat ! i 'll take the box .
just in case folks do n't know this gem . __url__
everything i hear about these nazi folks leads me to believe they were the " baddies " .
the mongols had a good one . problem : they wanted to attack a castle guarded by a moat . solution : force prisoners into the moat until it filled with bodies and could be crossed . edit : minor rephrasing for clarity
the mongols had a good one . problem : they wanted to attack a castle guarded by a moat . solution : force prisoners into the moat until it filled with bodies and could be crossed . edit : minor rephrasing for clarity
yeah , that definitely sounds like kind of thing the nazis would do .
and if you make it through you 're free to go ? ? right ? no , okay :(
that 's some ramsey bolton shit .
so am i , and i definitely knew that spunk is slang for semen
well in the south , we know it as a synonym . definitely not the most common one , but if somebody said spunk , they 'd assume you 're talking about semen .
well in the south , we know it as a synonym . definitely not the most common one , but if somebody said spunk , they 'd assume you 're talking about semen .
i grew up in the far north and know sprunk cum .
so you 've heard the term splooge then ? or is that a norcal term ?
i 've lived in different areas of new york , bay area , and seattle . i 've never heard it used that way by an american
good thing we take care of our great lakes and keep them clean from pollutants s michigander
say , is n't this the big lake they call gitche gumee ?
say , is n't this the big lake they call gitche gumee ?
i did n't realize it was that deep .
it is truly a superior lake .
the world 's largest by volume and deepest lake is located in southern russia . lake baikal .
uhh ... khakis
i 've always wandered why they chose this brand name .
i 've always wandered why they chose this brand name .
yeah who names a clothing store after that ?
pajamas .
most of mine at the moment and no regrets either
he was very progressive
he was a serial rapist . raped women constantly . something like 1 in 5 of the people in the region are descendants of his .
he was a serial rapist . raped women constantly . something like 1 in 5 of the people in the region are descendants of his .
as a of the global population of the time , he killed more people than all the wars combined since 1900 ... and it is n't even close . gk killed a lot of people .
a true egalitarian .
i can not be racist if i hate everybody .
not picked , he used deductive reasoning to unlock combination locks
how to get executed as a spy , step one .
how to get executed as a spy , step one .
you could say he ... feyn 'd ... an infiltration .
joke 's on them ! i 'm looking at you klaus fuchs .
tbf there was a soviet spy though
i always wondered why they 're just open on the sides with no door . like what the heck ! ?
they have something like a 99 crash rate in hollywood movies . that 's even before suicide squad .
they have something like a 99 crash rate in hollywood movies . that 's even before suicide squad .
serious question : could you eject out of a helicopter without getting slashed by the blades ? realistically if the helicopter is crashing down then any attempt to escape from the side would result in the helicopter cutting you from above . so are you pretty much screwed ?
yeah . gyrocopters are safer .
i 'd much rather be in a helicopter than an airplane if the engine died flying in a remote location .
oh man ! i made my own units when i got good ! you could alter so much cool stuff from unit speed to build cost to make a unit hover or collect tiberium to make foot units that shot nukes and shit ! that game really was amazing to dig into .
not op but i had fun changing the weapons , rof , damage , armor health of the units in the rules.ini file . my fav was giving the spy a silenced pistol ..
not op but i had fun changing the weapons , rof , damage , armor health of the units in the rules.ini file . my fav was giving the spy a silenced pistol ..
giving einstein the dog bite attack was always my favourite . or electricity and c4 .
i believe there was another thread abour red alert 2 where the guy turned granades into dogs . i thought that was cool
basically build times , unit sprites , health etc . up through tiberian sun everything was saved in a text file that you could edit in notepad . i know there was a mutant faction added in tiberian sun with one version you could find online .
idk i 've had olympia .
bud light : challenge accepted
bud light : challenge accepted
indeed , we have , quite literally , thousands of years of beer making experience to rely on . and wheat itself has changed in that time .
we 've had a lot longer to improve on it so it 's bound to be .
budweiser : " hold my ... "
and i 'm over here with a 63 character password
phew . i 'm not alone in my poor memory .
phew . i 'm not alone in my poor memory .
phew . i 'm not alone in my bad memory .
i once forgot my phone password , got locked out from too many wrong attempts and had to reset it . i put a new password in and forgot what it was not even two minutes later ...
i 've done that with an email account i just created .
holy shit i can n't believe the plunger actually worked
thanks for the link . not a big tv or movie watcher .
thanks for the link . not a big tv or movie watcher .
or a hilarious press conference regarding it here : __url__
what . the fuck .
i remember seeing a video with gg allin and a prostitute or perhaps groupie putting beer up her ass .
how about five deadly venoms ? poison clan rocks the world ! !
yes . some connection with blade runner too .
yes . some connection with blade runner too .
shaw brothers later became the cathay cinemas and he also owned tvb , a major hong kong tv station .
i knew hong kong movie is popular world wide , but i did n't expect shaw 's movie is also well known in the west 0 0
that 's exactly how i know his name , some of my all time favorite movies were produced by the shaw brothers !
obesity ?
drew carey .. ?
drew carey .. ?
two plates ?
a wide variety of unexpected bacteria ?
a rabid hankering for msg ?
another great austalian hero . like ned kelly sir donald bradman and the greatest of them all , yahoo serious
as a late night american redditor , i approve
as a late night american redditor , i approve
makes me proud to be australian :')
he didn t use a didge and claim it for the aboriginies ?
r madlads
would like to hear more , but so far , gotta say , not that interesting .
fuck the others , i find that interesting
fuck the others , i find that interesting
yeah he also spent a significant portion of his musical career addicted to heroin . so that he does n't do a lot of drugs now is n't so much in question : it 's the drugs he did 50 years ago that amazes most who are surprised he lived through them .
read some of the books about the stones tours ( true adventures , stp ) . he plays it down a lot in his autobiography .
he can n't do coke anymore due to his brain trauma and being on meds for it . he still smokes like a chimney , drinks booze and smokes cannabis daily though .
lol , one of my good friends has a rant he likes to do about how there 's no such thing a short cut when giving directions . " if it 's a faster and easier route , it 's just ' the way ' "
reference for anyone who is n't familiar : __url__
reference for anyone who is n't familiar : __url__
lol , not if it works without big pharma getting their cut . ( i 'm not saying it works . )
__url__
problem is that the people with the alternative medicine do n't call it that , they call just medicine , " natural medicine " or some bs like that . if you do n't know much about the subject you do n't know whom to believe , and before you know it , you 're fucked .
thankfully their embarrassment was overshadowed by the rise of fascism .
fun fact : the netherlands vs luxembourg have the same flag now , except their slightly lighter blue and aspect ratio .
fun fact : the netherlands vs luxembourg have the same flag now , except their slightly lighter blue and aspect ratio .
how the fuck did people function before the internet .
shocked , shocked i tell you .
meanwhile , chad and romania do n't give a fuck
the supermarkets in london now mostly stock it ... we used to have to bring it back from our stateside visits . not any more , challelujah !
ah the great tapatio vs cholula vs valentina debate
ah the great tapatio vs cholula vs valentina debate
cholula is actually tasty unlike most hot sauxe sold here
cholula ? bro . bruh . bru . really ? the hot sauce to go everyone knows is the valentina from jalisco mofo .
i m american but i just buy goya salsa picante
i 'm glad to hear that she 's still alive she brought a lot of joy to third grade me .
i loved her books as a kid . i grew up in portland , and it was always neat to find another landmark . ramona living on klickitat street . henry going down lombard street in a bathtub . i need to get to the library and check those books out again .
i loved her books as a kid . i grew up in portland , and it was always neat to find another landmark . ramona living on klickitat street . henry going down lombard street in a bathtub . i need to get to the library and check those books out again .
it 's possible that her books about ribsy are what made me start loving dogs . i 'm excited to start reading them to my kids soon .
she 's gonna be 101 on the 12th .
kids are still loving her books .
and so it was that the most impractical ice skates ever devised came to be .
sounds apocryphal
sounds apocryphal
i 'll just leave this here . ( it 's from a mel brooks film if anyone is curious . )
taken the wrong way this could mean she wanted her image emblazed on the swastika . for example , jerry west wears the nba logo , but he 's also on the logo .
r thathappend
i can integrate and derive e x in my head .
how could he cheat ? all they had to do was ask him a random question .
how could he cheat ? all they had to do was ask him a random question .
i was accused of cheating by my teacher in the sixth grade one time because i did " long division " in my head , so clearly tesla and i are pretty much the same person .
i too can do integral calculus in my head . integrating x 2 is a pretty easy task .
calculus is just algebra . once you learn the formulas for derivatives and integrals then it 's trivial .
or the police chief 's son or daughter ...
why would they kill him in such a stupid way if they really wanted people to believe it was a suicide ? do you not think the cia is actually capable of making it look like a suicide ?
why would they kill him in such a stupid way if they really wanted people to believe it was a suicide ? do you not think the cia is actually capable of making it look like a suicide ?
maybe it was ruled a suicide because he killed himself ?
worst case of suicide i ever seen :
did archer do it lana lana !
yes . there is a large area around the blast where you will suffer serious injury or death by flying debris unless you take cover .
op 's link says that outside ground zero out makes a huge difference to your chances of survival with minor injuries , and explains why . it 's quite convincing .
op 's link says that outside ground zero out makes a huge difference to your chances of survival with minor injuries , and explains why . it 's quite convincing .
wow , just watched the second episode ( s01 ) of south park today , and they show this video when a volcano eruption happens , duck and cover
most bombs are airburst to destroy the maximum area . your two biggest concerns are the shockwave and heatwave . so you 're biggest concerns are surviving probably most of the buildings around you collapsing and putting something in between the heatwave and you .
went to nagasaki last yr . amazed to see that in their museum memorializing the bombing , there was a timeline on the wall depicting events that led up to the bombing . the time line began after pearl harbor . thus pearl habor was noticeably absent . wth ? !
according to the article , he may or may not have been hanged . there is nothing definitive . given the times though , he was probably hanged and flayed as the 1 source claims .
fucking ollie .
fucking ollie .
this is like the " i pardon you " scene from schindler 's list
r titlegore
i spent way too long trying to figure out when and where hurricane richard hit , and who shot op with a crossbow .
i d be willing to bet he preferred leagues over both
1.1112 e11 mm under the sea
1.1112 e11 mm under the sea
where is a metric bot when you need one
i 'm pretty sure that since the time of napoleon , the french foot was defined as 1 3 metres
jules be an olde salt , and on the seas ' tis leagues by which we measure our travels .
jesus christ . how did anyone in marketing not stop and say " hey , maybe we should n't have the guy lying on his back , mouth wide open , with his eyes closed . he sort of looks like he is getting a facial . "
dasani , for after the bukakke
dasani , for after the bukakke
someone knew , likely the guy having a giggle after sneaking that ad through the suits .
" come get your water bukakke " dasani
wow
now i 'm thinking of a different kind of hung ...
thank you samuel beckett ...
thank you samuel beckett ...
" dressed as batman ... "
( )
bojack is that you ?
i actually heard about this before , but i assumed it was to do with communism ( ie : like in albania ) . interesting to learn that it goes further back .
i would hate it if america was this . now excuse me i go shout about jesus to muslims .
i would hate it if america was this . now excuse me i go shout about jesus to muslims .
is irreligious even a word ?
guess they picked to tolerate religion after being a center of biggest religious civil war in europe .
if the laws of your country are informed by religious dogma it 's reasonable and appropriate to give a shit about other people 's religion .
butane is a bastard gas .
houston has 277 mcdonalds and 32 walmarts . honestly i 'm surprised it does n't have at least 5 of these butane canister manufactures .
houston has 277 mcdonalds and 32 walmarts . honestly i 'm surprised it does n't have at least 5 of these butane canister manufactures .
does someone in texas also sell butane and butane accessories ?
south korea is a huge consumer of these cans . tabletop butane burners are used everywhere .
when the korean war heats up , it 's gonna really impact the butane industry .
a goblin king is only allowed to hold one title at a time .
too bad , i like the sound of " ziggy stardust , commander of the british empire , and his spiders from mars . "
too bad , i like the sound of " ziggy stardust , commander of the british empire , and his spiders from mars . "
i learned this on the cult classic history channel game faux : pawnography ! long live u realchristophertitus
he apparently commented i seriously don t know what it s for , " which makes sense . it is a basically worthless honour . others have rejected it on the grounds of being republican or anti monarchist , a view that is growing more common in the united kingdom .
i 'd turn it down to , until it was changed to ' supreme commander of the british empire ' .
allegedly
wavelengths
wavelengths
never heard the uv thing before but i did hear that after his surgery he destroyed some paintings he nolonger thought were good enough
sign me up for xray wavelengths please
ya no .
i have legitimately changed a password twice in one day because i 'm so bad at remembering them .
solution is obvious : get a pet raccoon . my plan is to get a raccoon side kick who is like the kick ass brotastic bro who broed this bro earth .
solution is obvious : get a pet raccoon . my plan is to get a raccoon side kick who is like the kick ass brotastic bro who broed this bro earth .
have you tried using a password manager like dashlane or lastpass ?
haha ! ! i do the same thing every single time google asks me that
this is just being sensible though
... i just realized that like all of the dogs that were alive on 9 11 are probably dead now ...
what a good girl
what a good girl
a second labrador guide dog , salty , also helped it 's handler out of one of the towers too .
this guy came to my school and at the end of the presentation , some kid asks , " how do blind people have sex ? " and he says , " the same way as everybody else " with a goofy grin on his face
like that 's a lot to ask of a dog . that 's as good as a dog can get .
and til , thanks to you wonk . i give you the earl of tyrone : __url__
i 'm from tyrone ! if you americans want anymore name recommendations for your children how about monaghan , armagh or fermanagh .
i 'm from tyrone ! if you americans want anymore name recommendations for your children how about monaghan , armagh or fermanagh .
the irish for tyrone is t r eoghan , pronounced tear ( as in crying ) owen . it means eoghan 's land country .
if you played r eu4 you would know this xd
crusader kings ii represent
tyrion was a fan of the american revolution . it is known .
i was waiting for the got reference !
i was waiting for the got reference !
had no idea gw was a got fan
i was expecting a soiaf reference as the top comment ...
i loved that scene in the show ! i 'm so glad they kept it in the script .
i had a brilliant plan . but the damn overbearing regulations kept me from building it . it would 've saved so many lives , i tell you . i still say that putting bear mace into the fire alarms is a great way to wake up deaf people .
i guess i 've never experienced aerosolized wasabi , but i would expect it to severely irritate the eyes . i assume the alarm designers thought of this , but it would be terrible and slightly amusing if the alarm immobilized the fire victims .
i guess i 've never experienced aerosolized wasabi , but i would expect it to severely irritate the eyes . i assume the alarm designers thought of this , but it would be terrible and slightly amusing if the alarm immobilized the fire victims .
can n't they just make a smoke alarm that uses lots of high power flashing lights ?
" fuck ! i burnt the spaghetti and now my apartment smells like wasabi too ! " but in sign language
would n't you smell the smoke the same way you would smell the wasabi ?
i 'm not sure , but if it helps i think it was completely surrounded by water . xxx
there 's so many of them !
there 's so many of them !
tahiti
i do n't know ... one of those disgusting islands stuck in the stone age
you wanna go there ?
and we 're back to this .
probably should n't be doing coke when you 're 13 , that 's such a bad start in life . but really , who gives sells coke to a child ...
probably should n't be doing coke when you 're 13 , that 's such a bad start in life . but really , who gives sells coke to a child ...
that 's ' cos his lawyers were wicked smaht
at least he did n't have to watch any of his films .
i heard that albert einstein failed math right next to him while he did this .
arsenal fans
i came to this thread to laugh not to cry :(
i came to this thread to laugh not to cry :(
could you explain ?
mooooom ! r squaredcircle is leaking again !
__url__
you can try building with girih tiles in the browser : __url__
itt : islamophobic bigots
itt : islamophobic bigots
__url__ here 's my slashdot post about it , ten years ago .
has anyone here read the books anathem or a new kind of science ?
love those things ! used to make silly patterns with them all the time back when i was younger .
it 's treason then .
not . yet .
not . yet .
l ' tat , c'est moi ?
yep .
et tu , brute ?
oooohhhhhhhhhh that 's what they meant in the song .
all rise to the australian national anthem .
all rise to the australian national anthem .
the " warm smell of colitas " also refers to the odor of marijuana .
i thought it was being under the influence of resident evil ...
better a head full of zombie than a mouth full of vegemite . ick .
the people who truly know lsd , know set and setting is everything for having a good trip
no not fear , respect it . but even then thats not words i would use . plus fear god ? in my experience itll show you fearing god is absurd , but maybe thats just " me "
no not fear , respect it . but even then thats not words i would use . plus fear god ? in my experience itll show you fearing god is absurd , but maybe thats just " me "
this post gave me a nosebleed .
respect what it has the potential to do to your brain , not fear it . it is an impactful experience and if you have control over your thoughts and emotions it 's something everyone should try at one point or another imo
what if you do n't fear god ? i do n't fear lsd . it 's one of my favorite experiences .
yeah , because it would sure be stupid to run an oil pipeline anywhere near that much fresh drinking water .
i 've heard stories of bodies of water on the us 50 100 years ago . i think we 've done a pretty good job cleaning them up .
i 've heard stories of bodies of water on the us 50 100 years ago . i think we 've done a pretty good job cleaning them up .
going to show us where their hometown is on their hand .
superior is probably the cleanest of the great lakes
i also live in michigan and think it 's really dumb to polite this shit . like , we supplying to most of the us and some other countries ( i think ) so why tf we gotta dump our waste in them . i 'll stop now or i 'd be ranting for like 10 mins .
" you want the other kids to have a new library , do n't you ? "
thats kinda how handing out hunting permits works .
thats kinda how handing out hunting permits works .
gosh ... get over it .
you just described the reason why birth control was such a driving force 120 years ago .
" also , i need that money to pay for my mistress " little johnny 's dad , because reddit
ff
izi pizi
izi pizi
my god , no re feels like a blast from 2012
gg ez
lol ez
this hurts more than you know
the funny thing is that it 's actually seriously possible
the funny thing is that it 's actually seriously possible
its definitely not out of the realm of possibility
go nets ! ! !
3 1 ? like regular season ? or are we saying they both can make the playoffs ?
what is israel 's main source of solidity and economic value ?
so we 're just trying to start shit today huh ?
so we 're just trying to start shit today huh ?
israel 's continued existence and brilliant success is nothing short of miraculous .
30 billion , thats chicken feed compared to 250 trillion in oil reserves the gulf states have .
there are arab countries it does deal with , and those countries still are below isreal in terms of gdp . israel has free trade with turkey , egypt and lebanon .
and jayhawk , too .
wow i 'm an idiot . i always thought it was because of the curved path you took across the street that was like the letter " j " instead of straight across on a crosswalk .
wow i 'm an idiot . i always thought it was because of the curved path you took across the street that was like the letter " j " instead of straight across on a crosswalk .
blue jays ?
that s my name :(
homer jay simpson
til : why is the bell pepper the only good pepper to make boats from ? because it 's gene 's eliminate capsaicin !
why the hell do you need exclamation mark for this ?
why the hell do you need exclamation mark for this ?
what about anaheim peppers ?
i thought recessive means that it doesn t display itself .
interesting
ahh , but we have the bin chicken ! __url__
we also have bears ! fuck off australia and your lack of megafauna !
we also have bears ! fuck off australia and your lack of megafauna !
i raised a baby raccoon that showed up on my back patio one day . they really are an incredible species .
poisonous or venomous ?
nature 's homeless people .
it must be larger strides . a small difference a thousand times could be significant . not sure why it matters though , no measurements taken that way would be accurate and probably did n't need to be for what they did
also others may have better memory understanding of this , but speed of a pendulum ( rough approximation of human legs during walking ) is proportional to length . increase the speed and you get longer steps per cycle .
also others may have better memory understanding of this , but speed of a pendulum ( rough approximation of human legs during walking ) is proportional to length . increase the speed and you get longer steps per cycle .
well fed was when they were actually fed as we would today . poorly fed would be " barely enough to subsist " . after all , obesity is only a problem now it really was n't an issue 2,000 years ago because there was n't enough food to go around .
when you 're exhausted your stride is shorter to conserve energy
because instead of doing a starving , weakened shuffle they are jaunting along .
it is a tech rich country that exports food to europe as well .
more engineers and scientists as a percentage of the population than any other nation .
more engineers and scientists as a percentage of the population than any other nation .
its european heritage
us
massive propping up via the united states .
also i do n't think sp came up with the gay cowboy idea . also i do n't recall any pudding eating .
" independent " is used sort of interchangeably with " oscar bait " these days , even if they 're not really the same .
" independent " is used sort of interchangeably with " oscar bait " these days , even if they 're not really the same .
also , til it 's impressive to predict the plot of a movie when your prediction is one year after the publication of the short story that was the basis of said movie .
to be fair 14 is a pretty low budget , especially considering the fact most of the money probably went to ledger and gyllenhaal
comcast did n't own nbc until a decade after this movie was made .
let 's make shakes great again .
is that why vincent asked if there was bourbon in the 5 dollar milkshake ?
is that why vincent asked if there was bourbon in the 5 dollar milkshake ?
it brings all the alcoholics to the yard .
recipe : mix 10 parts whiskey with 0 parts ice cream , 0 parts milk and 0 parts chocolate in a glass . swirl glass menicingly . can be served over ice .
it still is of you 're old enough .
and it still really whips the llamas ass
best player ever , still today !
best player ever , still today !
i switched to foobar 2000 . much better imo .
i miss winamp ! ! does the last release still work well ?
question to those who still use it , why do n't you use spotify pandora anything like it ? you like odd music that is n't available from these services ?
what 's funny is to tell someone , ' i said good day ! ' , in fezspeak .
" ay no ! "
" ay no ! "
" say eric " " elic " " now say america " " america " " take away the am and a " " elic "
i switch between fez 's version and lilly 's from himym .
you 're a loof
... and you know who convinced nichelle nichols to stay on star trek ? dr . martin luther king .
whoopi goldberg watched michelle nichols and was inspired to be an actress .
whoopi goldberg watched michelle nichols and was inspired to be an actress .
just met her in new zealand when she came . quite amazing women .
kind of off topic , but i think the first interracial kiss on tv in the us was on star trek nichelle nichols and william shatner .
" a black astronaut , cyril ? ? ? thats like killing a unicorn ! " archer
when you 're chewin on life 's gristle
i imagine a few sailors were screaming in pain too
i imagine a few sailors were screaming in pain too
ah sheffield , south yorkshire does n't disappoint ( born and bred in sheffield and surrounding towns )
the missile attack killed the ship 's cook ... who was probably the most dangerous man on the ship .
always look on the bright side of death just before you draw your terminal breath
confirmed that the dwarf planet ceres is made entirely of frosted flakes
i live in ceres , ca . there is a drawing of the goddess downtown that is extremely sun bleached .
i live in ceres , ca . there is a drawing of the goddess downtown that is extremely sun bleached .
what 's this ? a til about cereal that does n't involve masturbation ?
greek word for cereal ( ) is derived from the greek goddess of harvest and agriculture , .
r u cereal ?
he said every 10 years he adds 10 pounds so the fat fills out the wrinkles .
seriously . his wikipedia image was taken in 2016 , but if i were to guess his age based on that photo , i 'd say around 55 .
seriously . his wikipedia image was taken in 2016 , but if i were to guess his age based on that photo , i 'd say around 55 .
he has one hell of a toupee or hair transplant or whatever it is . that easily takes off 10 20 years probably .
he looks like a nicer , healthier alex jones in that photo . and then you realise he has 43 years on that fucker .
he had this phase about 15 years ago where he looked asian . facelift .
93 is pretty old . also one more anecdotal thing , i 'm a welder and have personally seen old timers who are just as strong as me retire and die within a few months .
actually its because of broken heart syndrome .
actually its because of broken heart syndrome .
it only applies if spouses die with less than a month of difference . it 'd be too much of a coincidence if it happened for unrelated reasons .
not all true , knew a guy i worked with worked 27 years retired at 48 years old with great retirement , died a year later . healthy guy too .
it 's not a fallacy . people die within a month of each other on a regular basis . both of my sets of great grandparents did . it happens way too often to just be coincidence . and with the retirement thing , people have long retirements all the time as long as they stay active .
ah , abrahamic religion . everything just had to be incest , did n't it ?
behold , i lay last night with my father that made me laugh out loud . sounds like some weird old timey fanfic . totally shipping lot and his daughters .
behold , i lay last night with my father that made me laugh out loud . sounds like some weird old timey fanfic . totally shipping lot and his daughters .
what about cane and abel ? who were they doing , anyway ?
that seems open to interpretation .
only family considered good in whole city . father offered daughters to a horny mob for raping . daughters take turns date raping father .
i do n't know . in the story , does the tortoise know the rabbit slacked off ? maybe he legitimately believed he was faster .
well , is like bj novak says , if the hare would have won , as always , there would n't be any story or interest at all . the hare won the rematch and nobody cared anyway .
well , is like bj novak says , if the hare would have won , as always , there would n't be any story or interest at all . the hare won the rematch and nobody cared anyway .
kind of . then again i 've gotten jobs where i said i knew html and i just cut and paste from google searches .
not as much of an arse as the guy who told the tortoise he saw a fire without helping tell the others
moral of this story is do n't tell people to believe in themselves
she also speaks fluent english . bet you didnt know that
odd , she also dated a neo nazi who probably adored german heritage too .
odd , she also dated a neo nazi who probably adored german heritage too .
shall we tell them mila kunis is a soviet spy ?
damn you tarantino ! ! ! you should have used her also in inglorious basterds !
it was pretty strange when i heard her speak german the first time cause she doesnt sound like her german voiceactor at all ...
what about humans ?
what if one dies ?
what if one dies ?
actually , rats are the most social rodents and can let themselves die if they 're left alone .
that 's great ! i loved my guinea pigs and it 's nice to see a whole country taking their welfare seriously .
there is nothing on reddit i see as often as a post or comment than this piece of trivia . i think i hate guinea pigs and or switzerland out of spite now .
if you 're between oshkosh and fond du lac , wisconsin , any exit will do
or when a fetus will have a heart beat ?
or when a fetus will have a heart beat ?
exit 69 big beaver road duh
and how many miles it is to south of the border ?
sounds like utah lol
" formed in new york city , winger almost gained popularity during the late 1980s and early 1990s . " bahaha even wikipedia is firing shots at em ...
well , that and grunge . the seattle bands crashed upon the scene and pretty much swept hair bands like gnr and those guys aside .
well , that and grunge . the seattle bands crashed upon the scene and pretty much swept hair bands like gnr and those guys aside .
winger was the punchline of a joke long before mike judge got a tv show . the only people unaware of this ? winger .
it 's nothing that a few well written songs could n't have prevented .
i think being christian metal made them an easy target for a lot of people . edit : my bad , i was thinking of stryper .
babblefish on alta vista too ... and the whole webcrawler vs alta vista debate . maybe that was just my school though
do n't forget about geocities or web rings .
do n't forget about geocities or web rings .
watching thos shooting start when searching almost made my 56k connection worth the wait . also , jumping to your geocity home page to click all your daily news , sports , fanpages and gallerie addresses . oh oh ! ! ! and midi files .
this list reminds me of the website hotsheet , which ( for anyone who does n't remember ) was like a directory for the internet .
is n't it mosaic ? and i 'm not even that old
russiany , or just general journal commenter gobshitey ? it 's getting harder and harder to tell these days .
i do n't see anything particularly russian there . could you be more specific ? the top comment is from a cork woman , but that 's a different kind of people 's republic .
i do n't see anything particularly russian there . could you be more specific ? the top comment is from a cork woman , but that 's a different kind of people 's republic .
the journal comment section brings out the worst in people worst people
oh do fuck off . some people just have different opinions .
my coffee was spilled this morning fucking russians , state of my floor now !
it 's their culture to engage in a lifestyle that is not conducive to good physical or mental health or to employment prospects . you can n't solve the problems affecting the traveler community without more or less making not be travellers
its their culture to die young , who are we to judge ?
its their culture to die young , who are we to judge ?
can we just focus for a minute on this 39 years of age , that 's fucking insane .
" unemployment "
i can n't decide which figure i 'd like to see decrease more .
but columbus has nhl , mls , and , of course , the buckeyes ! o h . . .
it 's the third largest metropolitan area in ohio . the size of the city is irrelevant
it 's the third largest metropolitan area in ohio . the size of the city is irrelevant
city population is n't nearly as important as metropolitan area population . the 3 are close , but metro columbus is the smallest .
this is somewhat misleading . cincinnati is a dwindling city , but the surrounding tri state area is quite populated . each of these three cities has a greater metropolitan population of around 2 million , with cincinnati 's the largest and columbus ' the smallest .
do you know why columbus does n't have a good nfl team ? because then cleveland will want one .
you really can never be too careful when you get around round round you get around all over town .
classic dennis
classic dennis
i read this morning that tarantino is finalizing a script based on the manson family murders , and is lining up cast right now . brad pitt 's name is reportedly attached to it .
yes , dennis sang that one song that manson wrote . it was not a hit . dennis also impregnated the daughter of his cousin mike love and married her ( they were still married when he drowned ) the hot manson girl was leslie van houten look at your game girl
you could consider that a public health service donation .
good ! serves them right for killing off hicks and newt .
he can thank crispin glover
he can thank crispin glover
biehn commented on one of the behind the scenes featurettes that if he had known david fincher would eventually become the successful filmmaker that he has proven himself to be , he would have let fincher use his likeness for free . oops !
i cried when i first watched that and found out that hicks died . i was actually angry and kept asking my mom why they killed him .
af firmative .
airplane ! has to be one of the best comedy films i 've ever seen . it is just joke after joke . so many little silly jokes , hidden jokes , long and built up jokes ... it 's a masterpiece , dammit !
i was n't sure if i should link the wiki article or the imdb , but yes , hitler does have an imdb page : __url__
i was n't sure if i should link the wiki article or the imdb , but yes , hitler does have an imdb page : __url__
" he 's not the messiah , he 's a very naughty boy " ( yes i know wrong movie , but still . )
return of the killer tomatoes meanwhile credits a good , better and best boy . the directors three children .
i , too , have been browsing r moviedetails .
its just nice to know that people are thinking about you
i always wondered if these countries have large factories making american flags so they can burn on such special occasions .
i always wondered if these countries have large factories making american flags so they can burn on such special occasions .
can you blame them ? cia coups and black ops attacks does that to some people . 9 11 is also known as payback day .
another day i can use to excuse my drinking ! i 'll take what i can get
look everyone ! iranians are today 's bad guys tm
beads ?
ya like jazz ?
ya like jazz ?
well they are dying at an alarming rate
what 's this ... ' bee ' ? you mean that thing from black mirror ?
is that why monsanto is poisoning them ?
he 's still fighting with his bear hands , so it counts .
i believe it s called bear knuckle brawling .
i believe it s called bear knuckle brawling .
paw strikes are considered safer to execute and have more deadly striking force than closed fists . mma facts
a grizzle bears has 4 " claws on each paw backed up with car stopping power . kinda like wolverine pissed at you for trying to destroy the world .
well that 's why we have the right to bear arms . it 's only fair .
the two boys did n't even like manson in actuality . the media really fucked this one up .
when a dude 's gettin ' bullied and shoots up his school . and they blame it on marilyn , and the heroin , where were the parents at ? and look where it 's at , middle america , now it 's a tragedy , now it 's so sad to see an upper class city having this happening .
when a dude 's gettin ' bullied and shoots up his school . and they blame it on marilyn , and the heroin , where were the parents at ? and look where it 's at , middle america , now it 's a tragedy , now it 's so sad to see an upper class city having this happening .
i thought it was id software 's fault .
it was actually doom
do n't forget id software , makers of doom .
roman " i explosively skeet on underage feet " polanski strikes again !
damn there 's a lot of perverts in hollywood
damn there 's a lot of perverts in hollywood
i wonder how a fugitive priest would fare under otherwise identical circumstances .
does n't really surprise me . i mean they do eat dogs there .
damn it , the rich and powerful get away with everything .
it is half capacity .
it twice too big for nothing .
it twice too big for nothing .
that 's not a good analogy . if the glass was in a super position it 'd be full and empty at the same time , not half full .
depends on whether you 're in the process of filling it up or emptying it , no ?
so by comparing the schr dinger 's cat to the glass half empty question are you saying that it 's just a matter of how you look at it ?
did you read about the barbary treaty that happens like a year later .
" algeria was among the first countries that recognized the independence of the united states . " did n't know this .. thanks for sharing
" algeria was among the first countries that recognized the independence of the united states . " did n't know this .. thanks for sharing
millions for defense , not one cent for tribute .
then we went back and kicked ass , made a treaty as a non aggressor nation , not based on christianity in any way !
how much is 115 sailors adjusted to current population ?
according to 2008 news papers , bin laden and michael jackson are still alive .
this makes sense ... it was almost 10 years ago ...
this makes sense ... it was almost 10 years ago ...
get this , if you go farther back the number is even higher !
that was almost 10 years ago there is no way this is still acccurate
9 years ago i was only 2 3 s as old as i am now . a lot has changed since then
i thought you were bullshitting . but what do you know ... til
mlk would have been an amazing pr rep today , he definitely knew how to market his cause and i say that with only respect . imagine what he could be doing for blm today ...
mlk would have been an amazing pr rep today , he definitely knew how to market his cause and i say that with only respect . imagine what he could be doing for blm today ...
great must hear uhura interview by tyson on startalk , where she describes her mlk encounter : part 1 part 2
nichols was a big reason woppie goldburg got into entertainment .
haha , came here to make sure this was mentioned . gotta love til
the only other actors i think that could have pulled off lecter the same as memorable with that same script are gary oldman and daniel day lewis gary oldman was in the sequel anyways
the movie that made me a fan of anthony hopkin the bounty
the movie that made me a fan of anthony hopkin the bounty
and then a few years later he was in transformers .
to england ? wouldn t he go home to wales since he s welsh ?
by odin 's beard ! i did n't know that .
i 'm going to go swimming in the ocean right now ( )
fun fact ! it is fairly common for adolescent dolphins to grab swimmers or other animals , and pull them down into underwater caves where they gangrape the figure repeatedly !
fun fact ! it is fairly common for adolescent dolphins to grab swimmers or other animals , and pull them down into underwater caves where they gangrape the figure repeatedly !
that 's why it 's so salty ( )
dolphins also have rape caves
baaahhh !
yeah , you have to love religious observance , " when it suits me , and when it makes me feel like i 'm better than you " .
that 's the same thing the saudis i hung out with told me about america . they were determined to hit every strip club in tampa : )
that 's the same thing the saudis i hung out with told me about america . they were determined to hit every strip club in tampa : )
i always heard it as " it is transparent allah can n't see the alcohol " while chugging vodka .
which is denying the all seeing nature of god in islam . big no no .
is his vision heat based ?
if you knew anything about conservation you 'd know that you always leave one alive to tell the tale and spread the legend .
john wick : oh fuck i 'm a seal now
john wick : oh fuck i 'm a seal now
designated survivor
little did they know , when they left one alive they had ... sealed their fate .
liam nisson can play the surviving seal .
that is n't exactly a high bar to clear .
yeah i think the andromeda ending was badass , lackluster bossfight but otherwise cool .
yeah i think the andromeda ending was badass , lackluster bossfight but otherwise cool .
the bar they 're being measured against is me2 . although , imo me3 was nearly as good ... up until the last 15 minutes . i 'm the kind of person where you screw me over , you never get a second chance .
the " ubisoft game " stamp of approval ... " well ... it 's not that bad " .
me right
ok no terrorist attacks but they have negative growth , an aging population and major economy issues .
sarin attacks ?
sarin attacks ?
exactly . places like iraq , syria and afghanistan suffer so much because of japans recalcitrant behaviour .
this is a bit of a disingenuous non sequitur even if you were to argue that the odds of a terrorist attack increase with increased immigration , it would be silly to argue that immigration caused terrorism . it 's like saying poor people cause crime .
yeah i 'm sure it has nothing to do with the lack of civilian massacres by them post ww2
well , i do n't really blame her . and that 's not a dig at illinois , it 's just ... she lived in romania . why would she know what illinois was ?
lucky her , that state is awful . most corrupt state in the us .
lucky her , that state is awful . most corrupt state in the us .
that 's a low for science .
so , why did the illinois academy of sciences feel the need to give the wife of a communist dictator honorary membership ?
and everyone in wisconsin applauded and laughed .
not that it is n't , but i guess before they had reliable methods of birth control and safe medical abortion ... well ... it does n't necessarily surprise me .
if it makes you feel any better the greeks often left babies that they were unable to take care of in the town square . any infertile couple would often adopt that way .
if it makes you feel any better the greeks often left babies that they were unable to take care of in the town square . any infertile couple would often adopt that way .
the idea that every human life has value is an historical abnormality that even now is n't ubiquitous .
heartbreaking ... the death of unknowns , millenias ago ... ?
lol why ? it 's called birth control before modern science .
is that why reddit loves nintendo so much ? a common dislike of mods ? reddit mods are surely worse than game genies though .
not just mods . ' wait , you 're advertising us for free through your youtube let 's plays ? stop , or we 'll sue you ! '
not just mods . ' wait , you 're advertising us for free through your youtube let 's plays ? stop , or we 'll sue you ! '
project m :'(
trying to mod games on 3ds and they keep closing each new loophole that emerges .
or pretty much anything involving their ip that they are not involved in even when it benefits them .
i 'll just leave this here __url__
every time i see the phrase ddt , i just think of the pro wrestling move . so this title gave me the mental image of a bald eagle being ddt d by randy orton
every time i see the phrase ddt , i just think of the pro wrestling move . so this title gave me the mental image of a bald eagle being ddt d by randy orton
these fuckers are everywhere up by my camp , no way are these guys endangered
i could be wrong but i think i remember bald eagles were " endangered " in the us ... not the rest of north america . there were and are shit tons of them in canada . vancouver island has more bald eagles than the entire united states .
so ... we can eat them ?
do n't you fucking go there .
it happens , just not as often as some locations would have you believe . things break , but most equipment in places like mcdonalds are pretty robust and are broken on purpose or " broken " when it is a daily issue .
it happens , just not as often as some locations would have you believe . things break , but most equipment in places like mcdonalds are pretty robust and are broken on purpose or " broken " when it is a daily issue .
he 'll need some help .
every goddamn thread .
slams head on coffee table .
have aforementioned psychologists heard of dennis reynolds ?
even in til i 'm finding prequel memes
even in til i 'm finding prequel memes
is it possible to be borderline only when you 're intoxicated by alcohol ? that would explain one of my exes .
did you ever hear the tragedy of anakin skywalker the dank ? i thought not . it 's not a story your psychology professor would 've told you .
more use glenn close 's character in fatal attraction .
a wise guy , see ?
look at all the spunk she has in her !
look at all the spunk she has in her !
look at the gams on her !
moxie was a pretty popular soft drink up until the 30s . it 's all calvin coolidge would ever drink and they paid ted williams to be a spokesperson for it . it has a really harsh taste . it 's still around in maine if you want to try it .
man , i love moxie .
his costume was also terrified of helicopters
but why male models ?
but why male models ?
with all the detail and makeup and whatnot , it was probably a long time to get those things ready , and the team in charge of making sure things were perfect would n't be there with them in these locations .
i imagine part of the benefit is that he looks ragged from adventuring by doing this . his costume gets a little dirty , he 's sweating . looks like he 's legitimately been doing what they 've been doing .
get into character
nicki minaj is often to me like the pizza at a chinese buffet . i see her over there doing her , and i respect that , but i 'm just not feeling it at the moment .
wait , do people actually like her ass ? it 's comically big and does n't look good at all . case in point : __url__
wait , do people actually like her ass ? it 's comically big and does n't look good at all . case in point : __url__
i would rather follow her
how about a swiss roll ?
( )
it 's a ship surrounded by big water , ocean water .
china
china
despite the negative press covfefe
yuuuge !
big leagues
how about sunrise land ?
place names in english have their etymological roots , too . japanese people are n't literally saying " sunrise land " when they use their country 's name .
place names in english have their etymological roots , too . japanese people are n't literally saying " sunrise land " when they use their country 's name .
there are way more literal names out there . nunavut ( ) , for example just means " our land " in inuktitut . the usa uk uae also have very generic names .
did n't the chinese name it that ? because to the chinese the sun rises over japan ? i have may made that up in my head .
better than " dipshits . "
the astronomer who discovered zero planets .
i 've spent no time discovering planets . this guy spent years . we both discovered the same number of planets .
i 've spent no time discovering planets . this guy spent years . we both discovered the same number of planets .
" he is best known for being the great uncle of los angeles dodgers pitcher clayton kershaw "
we should just dislodge pluto into it ' s own orbit outside of the kuiper belt . then it would be a planet again .
were you by chance at the lowell observatory today ? i ask because that is the observatory that discovered pluto and i happened to be there today as well .
there 's only one country separating north korea and norway
geography is your strong suit huh ?
geography is your strong suit huh ?
not only that but there are actually north korean labor camps in siberia fun fact if you 're interested vice did a series visiting them
wow , someone places a lot of importance on this ... well i hope at the very least you learned how to spell ' russia ' . oh wait , no you did n't .
i 'm really surprised to see how much people does n't take the time to look at a map .
joint suicide with her lover ! and it seemed spurred by financial difficulties that arose when her convent took her music proceeds but left her with the tax debt . heartbreaking ending thanks for this reference .
she tried to beat her addiction to women but she just could n't lick it .
she tried to beat her addiction to women but she just could n't lick it .
i have her album and its actually very good . its all light acoustic songs in french with very catchy melodies . it was the 1 album in america in january 1964 , right before the beatles appeared on ed sullivan .
she did n't " become " a lesbian . it was n't a friggin ' choice . she was always a lesbian .
okay . oh good . oh shit
it 's crazy to think this is one of the most important battles in the history of western civilization and yet it 's so unknown in the anglosphere .
catastrophe .
catastrophe .
1683 worst year of my life s
... and years later a mediocre film starring that f . murray abraham guy from amadeus and scarface would be made in honor of the siege . __url__
that 's a nice little siege you got there . would be a pitty if it were crushed by the biggest cavalry attack in history .
easily better than cage .
ipcress file is basically the prototype for hipster apartment living .
ipcress file is basically the prototype for hipster apartment living .
i 'm not even saying this to be funny , cage is a great actor .
what does adenoidal mean ?
the italian job ! ! !
what do i do with all these memes man ? ! the cops are gonna find them !
scramble ! !
scramble ! !
cheese it !
the memers are easily startled , but they 'll soon be back , and in greater numbers .
the paddy wagon just pulled up ! everybody scram , ya hear me , scram !
the article you link says some historians think it 's " possible " he was julius caesar 's son . but your title says " likely . " am i missing or misreading something ?
thats actually something interesting . a rare commodity on todayilearned
thats actually something interesting . a rare commodity on todayilearned
so conn igulden 's caesar novels depicting caesar and brutus as same age persons training side by side and serving in the military at the same age is frivolous make believe ?
pretty unlikely caesar would only begin to suspect it after his assassination
this is bad history .
ca used 5.0 mustang gt fox bodies for highway patrol for a while as well . ( phased out in 96 97 ish ? )
photo
photo
these 6.6 liter engines made a wopping 330hp . then the fuel crisis happened and power output dropped to 215hp . modern vw golf gtis make more than that with a 2.0 l 4 cylander .
i really like javelins , they 're so unusual and stylish .
and right until they stopped making them , aussie cops had ss commodores and xr8 falcons ( hell i think they even had hsvs at some point . )
" ahahahaha good one ... get off my set . "
here 's an example of the go motion t rex tippet was experimenting with for the movie : __url__ this was before the decision to use cgi .
here 's an example of the go motion t rex tippet was experimenting with for the movie : __url__ this was before the decision to use cgi .
well to be fair , he did only have one job .
when michael crichton was writing the original novel , he was asked by a reporter what he was working on lately . he said , " the most expensive movie ever made . "
i miss stop motion in movies . one of my all time favorite scenes
i 've seen a couple nye posts lately . makes me think we 're going to get an ama soon with a subsequent tv announcement .
ironic , since that 's an acceptable pronunciation . he became known as a science guy for being wrong about something .
ironic , since that 's an acceptable pronunciation . he became known as a science guy for being wrong about something .
great scott !
that is actually a very john keisteresque line so i believe it even if it 's fake .
i can n't believe he 's 61 ... man , i feel old .
they actually plan to change it to shadowfax , hoping people who search for them get distracted by results about gandalf 's horse .
aka transunion .
aka transunion .
needs an x in there somewhere to show all the young adults that they 're cool and edgy .
better than the people s front of judea
" leakyfax "
ivan vodka
odd vodka
odd vodka
absolut vodka
not even once .
i think you guys mean vodak .
would n't it be donlon ?
in the us we could have tosh in wang .
in the us we could have tosh in wang .
except they did n't rename it . they 're different cities .
i prefer nodnol .
kyouto toukyou not quite in their language .
for me , it 's new york . not like they are n't to be judged anyways , but a slight difference .
the party plates are always on cars that could go on the " sad single dad cars " facebook page .
the party plates are always on cars that could go on the " sad single dad cars " facebook page .
i came here to say that we call them party plates hahahaha
as an ohioan who grew up in nm , i always chuckle at this similarity ...
every time i see one my first thought is " new mexico or jerk ? "
as a dad that drinks it , this made me shoot diet coke out of my nose .
say what you want to say about him he definitely loved his kids .
say what you want to say about him he definitely loved his kids .
hey for all we know mj was a happy drunk
actually , my mom would get caffeine headaches if she did n't drink her daily tea , making her quite irritable sometimes . no alcohol in it , grew up in a dry house . so , it was opposite for me .
if my dad drank wine from custom filled diet coke cans , i would know that he was a ... complete alcoholic freak .
' water is not a human right ' claims ceo of nestl peter brabeck letmathe
nestle make kit kats everywhere except in the us . this is because hershey obtained the license from the creators rowntree before they were acquired by nestle .
nestle make kit kats everywhere except in the us . this is because hershey obtained the license from the creators rowntree before they were acquired by nestle .
the swiss being morally deprived ? shocking
there it is .
oh you too have read the 5838495993 daily comments on reddit stating this .
reminds me of the chapelle skit where they ask dave under oath if he 'd let his own kids stay with michael . man i miss that show .
he referred to white wine as jesus juice , and red wine as jesus blood . and he would only allow his kids to eat 2 items from kfc the corn on cob , and the original recipe chicken with the skin removed . not even worth eating anymore .
he referred to white wine as jesus juice , and red wine as jesus blood . and he would only allow his kids to eat 2 items from kfc the corn on cob , and the original recipe chicken with the skin removed . not even worth eating anymore .
damage range up
that 's ignorant .
he called it jesus juice so he could get children drunk .
no 750ml is standard everywhere i think . i 've been to america so i should know , but guess never realised . thanks :)
we usually use x 0.5 l , but we have some othera as well , including 0.75 l .
we usually use x 0.5 l , but we have some othera as well , including 0.75 l .
standard wine bottle size world wide is 750 ml . standard liquor bottle size is 700 ml . a fifth is actually 757 ml , but from what i can tell most ' fifth ' bottles are actually 750 ml , or a ' metric fifth ' .
canadian here , we say ounces , so you have 13 oz , 26 oz and 40 oz . at least in qu bec idk about other provinces now that i think about it .
in college you drink handles then move back down to fifths once you graduate .
and it went on to become one of the most evil and morally deprived corporations in existence ...
business casual did a video on nestle , it 's a very good watch .
business casual did a video on nestle , it 's a very good watch .
fuck nestle , just another piece of shit corporation ...
and then they started privatizing water .
mergers always involve competing companies and separate entrepreneurs . it would be weird if the same entrepreneur created two companies to compete against himself and it was only after his death that someone else bought and merged them . that would interest me .
she also just has this holier than thou attitude that i cannot fucking stand from people . she always has to try and be better than other people and it comes off so god damn narcissistic i want to vomit .
i blame the need to regularly fill up time on a daytime tv show . there 's only so many times you can tell people to eat plants and get exercise ...
i blame the need to regularly fill up time on a daytime tv show . there 's only so many times you can tell people to eat plants and get exercise ...
she also gave way for to dr . phil .
the money to be made in selling snake oil on tv involves much less work for much more money compared to saving lives . it 's why televangelism is also so popular .
also dr . phil . but yeah oz is a real doctor who is a scammer as a side gig .
he ded
i 'm not a bot , i 'm a different doggo . i love you all .
i 'm not a bot , i 'm a different doggo . i love you all .
i thought he only responded to happy faces . u thiscatmightcheeryou responds to sad faces .
it 's the kitty bot when you put sad face but i guess kitty is gone too d: edit : its u thiscatmightcheeryou and now only replies on every 7th sadface
i noticed you were sad , so here 's a picture of a happy doggo ! let 's turn that :( into (: __url__
a raccoon hacked into my bank of america account and transferred the money from my checking to an offshore account in the cayman islands .
australia may have hundreds of unique species of poisonous everything , but the americas have the mighty raccoon . all hail the mighty trash panda !
australia may have hundreds of unique species of poisonous everything , but the americas have the mighty raccoon . all hail the mighty trash panda !
til raccoons could be actual bandits .
of course they can , they are thiefs ! they even look like thiefs
they can remember everything they 've ever touched . raccoons have been shown to have a very strong love for the sensation of touching with the hands . little buddies even like it more if the hands are moist .
would n't we know precisely how many verified pictures there are ?
see the movie " crossroads " featuring ralph machio on this very subject .
see the movie " crossroads " featuring ralph machio on this very subject .
i pray that my redeemer will come and take me from my grave
i never thought he was great . never got all the fuss . now mississippi john hurt that 's a different story .
here 's a great cover from snakefinger __url__ . on this album he goes through most of the history of blues and emulates tons of blues artists and their styles .
none of them hold a candle to ozzy . he 's actually donating his body to science after he dies so they can figure out how he lived through all the drugs and alcohol .
and none of them have aids .
and none of them have aids .
it 's called money . rich people have it .
all of the rolling stones post 1969 are alive and still performing .
mick mars is hanging on by a fucking thread
i know muslim illegals in russia allow themselves to drink when they work in russia " because allah can n't see inside russia " :)
one muslim friend of mine drinks , but does n't eat pork . if i had to pick one haram thing , i would have gone the other way .
one muslim friend of mine drinks , but does n't eat pork . if i had to pick one haram thing , i would have gone the other way .
a lot of muslim girls also sleep around even though it 's forbidden . not exactly an uncommon occurrence .
a fair chunk of light orthodox jews do the reverse . keep kosher at home , but sometimes frequently go non kosher in public ( for jews , it is more than just the straight food itself , but the plates and kitchen is prepared in ) .
pretty much an open secret by this point .
just gonna pull this over from the previous post nico is also currently third on most entries without a podium with 119 ( the current record is held by adrian sutil with 128 )
grosjean is closely behind them at 104 races
grosjean is closely behind them at 104 races
i can n't help but feel like nico is better placed more likely to win a race than sergio now . with renault being a works team with a big budget , if they can spend well and develop there is no reason they can n't become a front running team again ... force india not so much
a sad statistic , they both deserve to win .
it is undesirable , but the fact that they 've been in f1 long enough to have that many races shows that they are good drivers ( better than being the forgotten rookie who does n't get a seat after their first season )
thus saving europe from islamic invasion for all time
no that is exactly what they dont believe anymore the historians you are referring to are the ones from the 19th century . the modern day historian community overwhelmingly agrees that the arabs were not in a war of conquest but a raiding tour similar to vikings at the time .
no that is exactly what they dont believe anymore the historians you are referring to are the ones from the 19th century . the modern day historian community overwhelmingly agrees that the arabs were not in a war of conquest but a raiding tour similar to vikings at the time .
historian checking in : we do n't believe that any more .
nice work frenchies ... and thank you .
some historians believe that . other historians believe that the battle was not that significant .
they have no known homosexuals then .
actually , a number of them were forced to transition into women since the quran had no problem with transsexuals ... which now makes me wonder about the rationality of afghanistan 's dancing boys ... curious .
actually , a number of them were forced to transition into women since the quran had no problem with transsexuals ... which now makes me wonder about the rationality of afghanistan 's dancing boys ... curious .
no they turned themselves into females source : iran has the most sex changes
apparently iran is cool with sex changes though so , some become ladies . edit : isentrope says it better
was n't it iran who forced homosexuals to do a sex change ? or was it only transgenders ? edit : saw the other post stating this . i am so sorry i did not read further .
except that they 're picnic wrecking fucks . __url__
at first i was very sure this was planet earth , halfway through i started thinking this is definitely just a parody and at the end i was n't sure .
at first i was very sure this was planet earth , halfway through i started thinking this is definitely just a parody and at the end i was n't sure .
this is incredible . i 'm upset i have n't seen this video sooner ... even tho it 's been out for 3 days . but still . amazing . what fascinating creatures .
the only time i went to sydney one of these fuckers stole my sandwich .
why are ibises in australia such dicks , yet everywhere else they are pretty chill ? __url__ __url__
corporate taxes employee withholding taxes . this is n't surprising .
i still do n't know why most people use them . most of their employees do what is essentially glorified data entry . you 're better off using turbotax or any other self service software .
i still do n't know why most people use them . most of their employees do what is essentially glorified data entry . you 're better off using turbotax or any other self service software .
which is why they need watson to do it for them
r accounting
and at which time they decided not to pay any taxes .
yea , ravens are intelligent as fuck . my grandpa once ' tamed ' a raven and learned it some tricks . every morning he would call his raven buddy and the raven would show up . ravens are really cool birds .
wonder if this is why they were considered to be bad luck in the middle ages . it 's quite possible that shepherds noticed that ravens often preceded wolves .
wonder if this is why they were considered to be bad luck in the middle ages . it 's quite possible that shepherds noticed that ravens often preceded wolves .
that 's so raven
a raven calling a wolf . that is the most goth thing i 've ever heard in my life .
another got post , sheesh
now , instead , we pay people with a 100 iq or below to have extra kids ! is n't government assistance wonderful ?
shockley did n't have much to do with the transistor he just bullied his way into getting his name added onto the project .
shockley did n't have much to do with the transistor he just bullied his way into getting his name added onto the project .
i fully support a purely iq based eugenic theory ... just make sure the tests are fair across all races and each of the 13 genders .
without this man we probably would never have seen the calculation of 800 men simultaneously getting handjobs by tj miller
well fuck .
it also helps them guide santa 's sleigh on christmas eve !
i can also see lichen . i always new i had a hidden superpower .
i can also see lichen . i always new i had a hidden superpower .
who is leaving a trail of urine ?
but can they see why kids love cinnamon toast crunch ?
mmmmm . tasty , psychoactive urine trails .
some loan sharks have little patience , some too much ? :d
" i let you live 75 years more so you could enjoy a nice and fruitful life before i ripped it away from you mwahaha "
" i let you live 75 years more so you could enjoy a nice and fruitful life before i ripped it away from you mwahaha "
patience pays off when planning to get away with assisted suicide
it would point even more to cia if they killed him the day after the story broke , or the day before even . this is just a " ok so you broke that story , that means we 'll end your life eventually "
the grey nurse loansharks do n't actually want to hurt you , so they delay it as much as they can .
and yet , we call it boning .
imagine getting a compound fracture and having bones sticking out if your penis or clitoris .
imagine getting a compound fracture and having bones sticking out if your penis or clitoris .
well not all the time , anyway .
the raccoon is the only mammal with a bone in its penis . and you can use that as a toothpick .
but we still call it a boner anyway ...
vegan black metal describes my gym
r vegansaremetal
r vegansaremetal
i made my name trvekvlt in a video game and nobody gets it and my friends just call me tervuh kuhvult and i gotta say , it 's kind of a bummer .
huh
well for that neither the raw eggs nor the milkshake would work very well ...
omg did i just find my wife 's reddit account ? ( it 's a joke , unless it 's actually you )
( begins packing a case of mad dog 20 20 )
( begins packing a case of mad dog 20 20 )
smoke that shit instead
here , supplies
is the purple in the sky actual clouds of wine you can inhale ? cause that would be nice .
sounds like he was inspired by his mental illness .
this jeffrey dahmer guy sounds like a real weirdo .
this jeffrey dahmer guy sounds like a real weirdo .
when did the emperor do that ?
i wish he never heard the tragedy of darth plagueis the wise .
sounds more like renfield than the emperor
my cousin died from his prolonged exposure to the site . lymphoma . he was a young and healthy beforehand
and guess what political party has cut funding that helps those first responders dealing with health problems ?
and guess what political party has cut funding that helps those first responders dealing with health problems ?
my ex step brother died from brain cancer a few weeks ago thatnks to 9 11 . rip officer brian falb .
" the air is safe to breath . "
and yet , we keep fighting the wrong wars
tl :d r it 's not the size of the dam itself that slowed the rotation of the earth , it 's the sheer volume of water mass that has shifted because of the dam .
by 60 nanoseconds
by 60 nanoseconds
thank you op , for giving the link for exact section of the wiki page that mentions it and not just the whole wiki page for the dam . upvoted for good link ethics .
thats why it seems my work days are getting longer and longer ...
i mean , technically , most actions and changes slow or speed up the rotation of the earth . just depends on by how much .
" it 's either this or filibustering for 9 hours "
a defenstration demonstration by our representation sans hesitation to the consternation of the administration .
a defenstration demonstration by our representation sans hesitation to the consternation of the administration .
i do n't wanna go on a rant here , but america 's foreign policy makes about as much sense as beowulf having sex with robert fulton at the first battle of antietam , i mean when a neo conservative defenestrates , it 's like raskolnikov filibustered deoxymonohydroxinate .
a little unrelated but it reminded me of an episode of house of cards i watched recently where the politicians gathered to vote on something but refused and they handcuffed them and carried them into the room . anyone who can explain what happened there ?
it is called filibusting your ankles .
yes , some of them may die , but it is a sacrifice i am swilling to make .
also , vaccines are n't 100 effective on healthy people . so they 're vulnerable to anti vax bullshit too .
also , vaccines are n't 100 effective on healthy people . so they 're vulnerable to anti vax bullshit too .
and infants who have n't been vaccinated yet .
but brawndo 's got what plants crave . it 's got electrolytes .
... and normal children for whom the vaccine simply did n't work .
arnt temperature , touch , and pain the same thing ?
come on rooster teeth podcast . not again ! lol
come on rooster teeth podcast . not again ! lol
while these can be debated one example of a sense outside of the established five is propioception . it is the ability to know where all of our extended limbs are at all times without having to look at them . another is the sense of time passing .
and yet i still get a jump scare when water is so cold i thought it was burning hot when i go to brush my teeth
__url__
wait , does duck and cover actually work ? i thought it was just a thing from the 50s to make fun of .
and there was this guy __url__ who survived both bombings .
and there was this guy __url__ who survived both bombings .
sounds like some bullshit .
there 's just no way this is true unless there were somehow no police at all in the city at the time . there 's no way there were no police in many square kilometers around the epicentre of a major city .
" holy shit do i have a tip for you guys "
whoa , hey now , calm down !
calm down norm
calm down norm
possibly more so than albert fish
unpopular opinion he was a stinker
bit of a scallywag you could say
yeehaw !
is that where gay cowboys get their pudding ?
is that where gay cowboys get their pudding ?
i always love when a lower comment has higher karma than the comment above and idk why .
mmmm buttery male
i wanna upvote but you 're at 69 which is too perfect for this .
big deal , grover cleveland spanked me on two non consecutive occasions .
that 's the kind of petty shit i like to see from leaders . also i bet he never spanked him again , so , ya know . two birds one stone .
that 's the kind of petty shit i like to see from leaders . also i bet he never spanked him again , so , ya know . two birds one stone .
the true reason for the death of millions of soldiers . . . the classic ass shlap
it 's like ww1 was just a game of risk for the nobility .
but he did ally with the central powers so i guess he got over it
yeah that 's the weird part . if they would n't have needed to repaint , i 'd keep it , turn it into an attraction , and charge admission .
the house was never meant to be chosen . the company deliberately made it so that it loses 75k but profits in the long run by selling the house and getting marketing .
the house was never meant to be chosen . the company deliberately made it so that it loses 75k but profits in the long run by selling the house and getting marketing .
they should have had multiple winners around the us in different springfields .. go big .
because it was cheap .
looked pretty cool inside tbh advert showing the house
that is amazing , even the comments on other posts are bots of subreddits . it 's like they all have their own personality .
reading the posts on the subreddit is like reading comments left by someone with severe schizophrenia . it total word salad in there
reading the posts on the subreddit is like reading comments left by someone with severe schizophrenia . it total word salad in there
subreddit simulator is better than the rest of reddit 90 of the time , at least the posts are interesting . also that double take you do when you read something that should be from the simulator but is n't
thanks random acts of rape . you 're a dear , dear friend .
those comments are both hilarious and confusing .
in the elon musk book by ashlee vance . there is section talking about that job . i have to say it sounded miserable . i have had less miserable jobs for 18 hr .
i was paid 28 an hour to pour hydrochloric acid into containers in 2003ish . i caught a drop in the mouth once . there 's a lot of money in shit jobs . edit : whoops , wrote that out of context after reading u 3five
i was paid 28 an hour to pour hydrochloric acid into containers in 2003ish . i caught a drop in the mouth once . there 's a lot of money in shit jobs . edit : whoops , wrote that out of context after reading u 3five
be a laborer . 25 an hour as an apprentice to shovel . that 's how i pay for college .
look up your local laborers union . definitely still a thing .
there are still high paying entry level jobs if you 're willing to work in shitty situations . there are also jobs waiting tables where you can make 50 hr if you 've got the right spot and you 're any good at your job .
tough times .
shit man , vowels are 250 ! ! who has that kind of money ?
shit man , vowels are 250 ! ! who has that kind of money ?
buncha goddamn fat cats
i believe that was flatulence , sir .
my first and only gild is was from when i told people i wipe my ass like captain morgan
bears , beets , battle and siege warfare .
wasted opportunity to rip out " bearsieged "
wasted opportunity to rip out " bearsieged "
hear that ? indie game devs are coming
i can n't find the phrase " bears and besieged " anywhere in the article . xaxaxa im so funny ! edit : did u too read my previous sentence in a russian accent ?
battlestar galactica .
also , mom 's spaghetti .
about 350
about 350
albert einstein
the record company 's pr and marketing team .
pain
i believe was called winnie the pooh brings death to america .
pokemon .
pokemon .
kamikaze means " divine wind " . originally it referred to the typhoon that drove the mongols back from japan in the 1200 ' s . that event was mythologized in japanese culture , reinforcing the idea that japan was protected by heaven .
i do n't have a translation , but i believe you 're thinking of momotaro , the peach child . here 's the youtube video where i learned about how original myth and how it was adapted during world war ii .
the little kamikaze that kould .
no freakin way ... funny how every comedian jokes about their parents wishing they 'd become a doctor or lawyer . good for him , really . he did what many are afraid to do trade in a life of financial security for the roads unknown . that 's following your dreams ...
weird al has a masters in architecture . when it comes down to it , few people know where they belong in their late teens and twenties . as for me , almost 40 and still trying to figure it out .
weird al has a masters in architecture . when it comes down to it , few people know where they belong in their late teens and twenties . as for me , almost 40 and still trying to figure it out .
greg was such a talented , hilarious individual . sad he is gone . rip
the man killed it on every single roast . his set was the one you always looked forward to , and they have n't been the same without him . i miss him a lot . one of the best ever .
he did n't just get a degree , he practiced for a brief period of time before getting out of it .
pfffff . look at mr . rich guy over here with 20 in his bank account .
you know the old saying : " twenty bucks is twenty bucks ! "
you know the old saying : " twenty bucks is twenty bucks ! "
this comment should be 2x the parent karma . underrated comment of the year .
it 's a deep burn !
you know how many hot dogs 20 can buy ?
the edge by david mccallum
this blew my mind ! go ducky !
this blew my mind ! go ducky !
is anybody else from the great escape still alive ?
he 'll always be sol madrid to me
partner of the man from u.n.c.le . i remember that show because i am very old . )
i read this as morgan freeman .
god fried i also lay claim to subsequent and even less clever puns about god frying stuff .
god fried i also lay claim to subsequent and even less clever puns about god frying stuff .
i read this while praying to joe pesci
he is now sitting .
im googling who gilbert gottfried is .
one more reason wallace was a mighty pile of shit .
who would have thought the guy that said " segregation now , segregation tomorrow , and segregation forever " as part of his state government policy would be a dick ... i 'm shocked !
who would have thought the guy that said " segregation now , segregation tomorrow , and segregation forever " as part of his state government policy would be a dick ... i 'm shocked !
how is that not ( at least ) manslaughter ?
hmm . google says he was 5 ' 7 " . i did n't know they stacked shit that high .
jesus , that guy was a sack of shit
so , they ended up with the writings of james patterson .
just like real writers .
just like real writers .
sounds like a good week for hunter s thompson .
if the test is about monkeys why is there a chimp at the typewriter ?
yeah we 've all been there .
that s not relaxed , that s shitfaced . and i m saying that as a russian .
hah , i thought it meant 1 5 th of the bottle .
hah , i thought it meant 1 5 th of the bottle .
757.0823568
although 750ml is the technical definition of a fifth ( " one fifth of a gallon " ) , nowadays you 're much more likely to see the term applied to a 250 375 ml bottle that is " flask sized . "
dats called a two six in canada , eh . 26oz 750ml fifth
to be fair , back then there were no khandoms .
taking " father of his country " to a new level .
taking " father of his country " to a new level .
khaaaaaaaaaaaannnn ! ! !
i doubt he ' fathered ' many of them at all .
given infant mortality rates and probability of human conception at the time of genghis khan i wonder if the math people of reddit could determine the number of times he fucked .
i 'm pretty sure the last time russia executed someone was a day or two ago .
officially . how many are just killed and never heard from again ?
officially . how many are just killed and never heard from again ?
just like they have no homosexuals and over the course of 10 years only 2 trans people were murdered .
looks like the russian trolls are awake and spreading misinformation
well , you know china . stifling political dissent since the 1950s .
why were you euphoric ? is this a side effect of the fruit diet ? got any more details ?
bo ?
bo ?
everyone has an opinion about everyone else 's opinion . reddit in a nutshell .
will n't you smell bad with any major diet change while your body gets use to it ?
wow , that was a fun ride on the trigger train . that 's the hive mind for ya !
i have also given 1 billion to fund education . mostly minus , but still .
i knew him first as one half of the shaw bros . , who were responsible for producing some of the most important films of my youth , including the classic dirty ho ( sfw ) .
i knew him first as one half of the shaw bros . , who were responsible for producing some of the most important films of my youth , including the classic dirty ho ( sfw ) .
andrew carnegie was the american equivalent . he was worth over 300 billion in the late 1800s , and built 2500 libraries , among other things .
something else he funded was blade runner .
almost every decent chinese university have a building named yifu
when you forgot you garrisoned that unit 150 turns ago .
i mean ... they 're entirely surrounded by italy so there 's not really a need for a non ceremonial military anyway .
i mean ... they 're entirely surrounded by italy so there 's not really a need for a non ceremonial military anyway .
722 years and they still have n't researched arbalests .
i thought crossbows were made illegal for warfare ?
i like your hat .
including vodka ?
in russia we don t have proverbs , we have misery and vodka .
in russia we don t have proverbs , we have misery and vodka .
i 'm partial to " vodka is our enemy , and we will utterly consume it . "
the only russiob proverb is " there are no russian proverbs "
except your liver .
it 's says a lot about a leader who sends other people 's children to die , but not his own .
do as i do n't do .
do as i do n't do .
but now theres some talking head going around saying bin ladens son is the next leader of al queda , and hes also in a few of their videos because of who his dad was .
a little late there buddy
what a nice fucking guy , should the us be facing war crimes for taking that sexy man out ?
til i learned that op only read the first paragraph .
so buy low on the outrage , sell high on the apathy ? __url__
so buy low on the outrage , sell high on the apathy ? __url__
til bad pr for minor company missteps ( i . e . nothing highly illegal ) will in the long run with increase your stock price .
it 's the trump effect . no matter what they 're saying they 're still thinking about united . work for him !
i guess the point to be made was that one person can make a big impact , even if for a short while , on a big corporate if you fuck with him bad enough . the human determination is truly a hard thing to match
i bet he was up to no good .
is that you norm ? __url__
is that you norm ? __url__
at least he did n't has his own people , like assad s
i hate to step on any toes here , but i think his foreign policy had room to improve
he was a real jerk !
" y'all can go to hell , i 'm going to texas ! . " then he headed down south for a rendezvous with generalissimo santa anna ..
i heard he also kilt him a bar when he was only three .
i heard he also kilt him a bar when he was only three .
what do those two things have to do with each other ? it 's like saying " james monroe gave the monroe doctrine in 1823 . 4 years later he tripped on a rake . "
king of the wild frontier
indian removal was passed 101 97 in the house with 15 members not voting .
screw it ! we 're just gonna have to meme them all ! " one does not simply meme them all ! " come on !
burp morty i burp need you to do me a favor burp . i need burp you to take these memes burp and ... and shove them up your ass morty . come on burp do it for the old man morty burp .
burp morty i burp need you to do me a favor burp . i need burp you to take these memes burp and ... and shove them up your ass morty . come on burp do it for the old man morty burp .
you flushed them ? karen that was 50 thousand dollars worth of memes ! they never would have found those memes ! ! ! why did you do that karen ! why did you do that ! ! !
it 's worth a watch . it 's like if the darker but zany bits of futurama were using the core simpsons family as the launching point for adventure .
your going to have to shove these memes waaaaaaaaaaaaaay up your ass m m morty .
mike hawthorn and keke rosberg dislike this .
he won another race for a week in 2003 .
he won another race for a week in 2003 .
that 's the logic behind the clusterfuck that nascar has for the chase . thanks matt kennseth
nicky hayden just got upset .
the only way he could 've won the championship was with another win at suzuka with schumacher out of the points .
how much was it ?
worth it
worth it
yep . sequels cost more ... until that kills the series .
wonder how much it would have taken to get brando to appear in the flashback scene . that 's the one minor fault with the film , which would have really just rounded out the entire subplot ( if you can call it that ) of vito 's life .
and then he spend it in cocaine .
this was such a frustrating comment chain to read because i knew exactly what you were trying to ask .
how did you not work out that the slab is clear plastic , so you can see both sides ? and that people can take more than one photo of a thing ?
how did you not work out that the slab is clear plastic , so you can see both sides ? and that people can take more than one photo of a thing ?
what a fucking trip you just had ehy mate !
my god that was officially an ordeal .
jesus christ , i thought it was just me that was confused .
i thought that was implying that they killed them all
i see people on reddit constantly pointing to japans low crime rate when it is pretty well known the japanese police just do n't report a ton of crime .
i see people on reddit constantly pointing to japans low crime rate when it is pretty well known the japanese police just do n't report a ton of crime .
also iran is apparently rape free .
you know , if these crazy countries went after criminals like they did dudes that want to do other dudes everyone would win ... no one ever died from a little too much man love .
iran is actually more progressive on trans issues than it is on gay issues .
yeah and japan at 19 ...
working a lot does not mean you will ever get rich . it 's the " american dream " and it barely works in the usa , let alone greece .
working a lot does not mean you will ever get rich . it 's the " american dream " and it barely works in the usa , let alone greece .
the poorer you are the harder you work !
i 've never met a greek person that would agree their people are hard working , but every greek citizen i 've met is hard working .
they probably are n't measure hours worked by the 50 of the country on the dole .
whooops !
it 's a win win !
it 's a win win !
they did not know disease until the white man came .
when slut shaming could have saved 9 10 of the population .
true ?
o do n't remember this slogan . i do remember that they took tap water and made it more impure
you 're right . i do n't remember this at all . just the papers ripping into them as it was tap water , although the reality was it was still purified after or whatever . the stuff was fine but they got destroyed . plus the bottled water market is saturated anyway .
you 're right . i do n't remember this at all . just the papers ripping into them as it was tap water , although the reality was it was still purified after or whatever . the stuff was fine but they got destroyed . plus the bottled water market is saturated anyway .
this is what i remember . not just tap water but tainted , unpurified water drawn from the thames or something like that .
was n't there also something about it giving you cancer ?
this . i do n't remember the spunk thing at all , and i 'd have been 25 at that stage so it 's not like a vague childhood memory . i do remember one of the papers calling it peckham spring and printing knockups of del boy with some dasani .
not particularly great reasons on their own , but taken together , they become impossible to refuse . wait a minute , superman was good though ! ! wtf ! ! ! ? ?
i got to spend a few days with michael ironside maybe ten years ago and asked him why he starred in a movie about a killer elevator . he said about the same thing with a smaller but no less substantial number .
i got to spend a few days with michael ironside maybe ten years ago and asked him why he starred in a movie about a killer elevator . he said about the same thing with a smaller but no less substantial number .
and i would graciously accept his 2 million reasons . gene , please have your people contact my people . or we can do the sitcom thing where it 's the 90s and we never exchange contact info but still somehow manage to go on a date later .
and with this top comment , reddit falls to the caine hackman theory .
dudes just trying to earn a living ... i bet some people liked those movies lol ...
tel aviv is lovely , maccabi are pigs .
tel aviv sounds amazing actually
tel aviv sounds amazing actually
just dont visit at the same time as the palestinians missiles eh ?
jaffa
we 're not . may i ask why ?
your cat would have locked people in their rooms on 9 11
should have gotten a guide cat .
should have gotten a guide cat .
because in your story you get to be the guide dog , saving your panicked cat .
__url__ __url__
the cats all stayed home on 9 11
could have been in the us but international viewings do n't cut as much stuff for commercials . that being said i really wish there was a way to stream it in canada .
really ? well , i 've never heard it before myself either .
really ? well , i 've never heard it before myself either .
just saw it the other day on x mas dvd mom gave like 8 years ago
which episode ?
ha . but all eps get trimmed .
there would n't be much a place for them to make a break for . the americans british would certainly shoot them down if the attempted to land somewhere . i guess they could just bail out , but i do n't know if they were given chutes .
larry david thinks so
larry david thinks so
i heard they were bolted in from the outside .
i read somewhere that their cockpits were bolted shut to prevent hesitation . can n't find the source right now .
considering most of them volunteered for it , i 'd say the odds are low .
thats my escape plan . fly drive to mexico , then fly to havana , and get a job at a beachside bar . make mojitos and live comfortably . stay away from politics and make hand made humidors to sell to tourists . edited for clarification
i just spent a week in veradaro at 5 star resort and they hugged me when i gave them toothpaste and deodorant or even my shirts . they can n't get certain items even if they have the ludicrous amount of cash
i just spent a week in veradaro at 5 star resort and they hugged me when i gave them toothpaste and deodorant or even my shirts . they can n't get certain items even if they have the ludicrous amount of cash
i recently went to cuba , literally everyone is making money off tourists . the place cost me more money than an american vacation
or a prostitute ?
this is not true __url__ and you do n't have the facts that you are saying
i do n't hate milk , i hate the dairy lobby perverting unbiased nutritional guidelines and holding school funding hostage in the name of profit .
i do n't see how anyone can resist it 's silly white smoothness . i love devouring milk and having it splash all over my face . moar milk !
i do n't see how anyone can resist it 's silly white smoothness . i love devouring milk and having it splash all over my face . moar milk !
it 's been cross post __url__
as a swede i also find it very odd . then again , my prejudice says the us probably serve soda in schools which to me is really messed up .
not nearly as much as they hate vegans lol
im having trouble locating the large breasted woman .
no , not quite . that 's and ad for mesopotamia light . notice the stick figure representing a warrior suggestively holding a bronze spear to his crotch , and the " slay your enemies , not your tunics " tagline .
no , not quite . that 's and ad for mesopotamia light . notice the stick figure representing a warrior suggestively holding a bronze spear to his crotch , and the " slay your enemies , not your tunics " tagline .
i did n't even realize they had cameras in 4000 bc ! amazing !
aaaaah i can n't stop ejaculating
a crummy commercial ? son of a bitch !
i heard he also liked to rape boys , kill em , and stuff em under his house while dressed like a clown .
oh boy . this thread 's going to go down well .
oh boy . this thread 's going to go down well .
so i guess there s strong evidence that all democrats are psychopathic child raping serial killers ?
jeffrey dahmer drank beer and was a serial killer . you drink beer so you must be a serial killer too . wonderful logic
til soapboxes are on sale , and almost everyone in this thread are eager to try them out .
it must be all the science in do n't understand .
i only would have thought that because david bowie 's space oddity is n't about an astronaut whereas rocket man actually is .
i only would have thought that because david bowie 's space oddity is n't about an astronaut whereas rocket man actually is .
i thought it was about drug addiction .
i read a lot of scifi growing up too but i always thought it was about elton john 's fame . til
come on ... he 's a " rocket man " ) nudge nudge
the series depicted an interfaith marriage between a wealthy irish catholic teacher ( bridget ) and a jewish cab driver ( bernie ) , whom she had met at a bus stop . i guess 1972 was n't ready for interfaith marriages on television .
religion 's been a bone of contention in hollywood for some time .
religion 's been a bone of contention in hollywood for some time .
higher ratings than cop rock ? i highly doubt that .
remember , as a general rule , bigotry occurs on both sides of any given hatred .
you could film a fishtank for 30 minutes and it will rank 5 if its in between all in the family and mary tyler moore .
confucius say : she bang ! she bang !
he 's also the son of elvis presley
he 's also the son of elvis presley
isn t he a csi with lapd now ?
he made the bloodline proud
for those of you who have n't seen his audition
should have just gave em a box of " get out of jail free " cards
the part of this story that i never understand is why did the nazis give a shit about the prisoners ? why would they allow this delivery in the first place ? they are n't exactly known for their humanitarian concerns .
the part of this story that i never understand is why did the nazis give a shit about the prisoners ? why would they allow this delivery in the first place ? they are n't exactly known for their humanitarian concerns .
the camps had several houses , landing there was not cheap .
foolish . this risks the care your pows are receiving and the information you can get on their status .
this link was posted a month ago , but for an entirely different reason and title . i hope that 's ok .
if you live in colorado it 's pretty much a documentary
it did n't start that way though , the first few seasons are much more ' shock comedy ' .
it did n't start that way though , the first few seasons are much more ' shock comedy ' .
maybe i should give it another chance , because that is how i always viewed it as well . i have never been able to understand the love many of my peers have for south park . it just goes in one ear and out the other for me .
it 's not very nuanced . it can be boiled down to " if you care about something you 're a dumbass . the best stance is to be apathetic "
the movie is really probably the best it gets . just great music . fucking oscar nominated music .
no , it 's out of service .
it is , i 've had a great conversation over text with him . the voicemail is great too .
it is , i 've had a great conversation over text with him . the voicemail is great too .
try it and find out
it appears to be phoenix
it is .
the article also says they helped the red cross find wounded soldiers . good dogs ! probably saved a lot of lives .
died just after delivering the message . another words they shot him and put him out of his misery .
died just after delivering the message . another words they shot him and put him out of his misery .
such a good boy .
and that is part of the reason they make such poor pets for unprepared families . they are dedicated hard working dogs , but without a job they do n't do as well .
my dogs look at me like i 'm some sort of wizard , knowing that i can fix whatever problem they have . i 'd feel horrible giving them the helpless look .
i think i agree .
i 've heard the jeff goldblum was n't cgi in that movie , but i 'm not sure i believe it .
i 've heard the jeff goldblum was n't cgi in that movie , but i 'm not sure i believe it .
while way ahead of its time it 's important to note that it only looks as good as it does because of how good spielberg was at hiding it , setting the biggest cgi scenes at night in the rain .
man , that movie scared me like no other ( besides are you afraid of the dark ) as a little kid .
hint : it 's because they 're not overly shiny like everything else cgi these days .
what 's really weird is 130 years from now it 'll be perfectly normal to watch flat 2d recordings of humans from the early 21st century . people will probably be emulating our dress and culture for centuries , and they 'll have our youtube tutorials to help them !
i know , i kept imagining the world at the time , british empire , men in top hats , horse and carts , steamships , mark twain etc ... this sound actually came from that era . incredible .
i know , i kept imagining the world at the time , british empire , men in top hats , horse and carts , steamships , mark twain etc ... this sound actually came from that era . incredible .
and it was on wax . one hot day and a window left open would have melted it . just one of the 48,150 days and it would have been lost for ever .
it still blows my mind that i 've got old shellac 78rpm records from over a hundred years ago . i wish i could know the history of the individual discs .
he changed the damn game too .
that 's the answer a man gives when he 's tired of answering the same damn question all the time
a long long time ago in a galaxy far away naboo was under an attack
a long long time ago in a galaxy far away naboo was under an attack
it means listen to manowar every day
he was in the audience at a dolly parton concert last year in maine . she introduced him from the stage , sang a chorus of " american pie " and that was that .
monster magnet powertrip they literally say those words .
i remember watching a documentary where an archaeologist accidentally fell into one while searching for some long lost religious artifact .
i hate snakes !
i hate snakes !
west virgina has these with copperheads . they smell like cucumbers apparently .
i would pour in a gallon of gas , and get a match .
i once ordered a rattlesnake shake
story of my life , bro .
people looked different back then .
people looked different back then .
if you squint you can kinda see a nip in the top right corner .
gotta squint
you get used to it . i do n't even see the sanskrit . all i see is blonde , brunette , redhead ...
girl you know it 's girl you know it 's girl you know it 's girl you know it 's girl you know it 's girl you know it 's girl you know it 's girl you know it 's
sell out ! with me oh yeah ... sell out ! with me tonight . record company is gonna give me lotsa money and everything 's gonna be alright .
sell out ! with me oh yeah ... sell out ! with me tonight . record company is gonna give me lotsa money and everything 's gonna be alright .
blame it on the fast food chain
i have been to a few shows where i just was n't convinced that those mics where live ... here is the deal . i go to your show , i have a good time . the less i know , the happier i am . if you do n't rub it in my face , i will n't go looking for it .
next you 'll tell me gorillaz are n't really cartoon characters .
every version of civilization does not lie .
smiling buddha sounds like an anime doomsday weapon .
smiling buddha sounds like an anime doomsday weapon .
reference is from the nuclear gandhi meme from the civilization game series well done op
nukes are important to protect yourself from the worlds crazies and avarice filled cunts
put this on r civ
" where do you think you 're going , madame ? you 're not supposed to be out at night . " " i 'm going to go have sex with my boyfriend . " " are you married to someone else ? " " yep . " " all righty then . on your way . "
i would imagine this is one of those cases of " you 're allowed to , but if you do we can and will arrest you "
i would imagine this is one of those cases of " you 're allowed to , but if you do we can and will arrest you "
why do you have to leave the city to commit adultery ? surely just going to the far side of the polis ( where people are least likely to recognize her ) would do . plus , doing it in the bushes and with wild animals and bandits around ...
" wait , if we do n't let the women leave at night how will we woo other men 's wives and get some strange now and again ? " " good point . lets make an exception "
an ingenious law , really . it significantly increase supply of booty calls in an asymmetrical market .
do you not ?
i 'm fairly certain that frank zappa can answer that one
i 'm fairly certain that frank zappa can answer that one
sorry , that was me . i saw a polar bear ... could n't help it .
russian hookers on someones hotel bed .
that would be a useful talent for marathon runners pee and run at the same time . maybe nike can develop special fabrics for that purpose .
as an insurance agent and a father of a 3 year old , i agree .
if you are actually an insurance agent and like money , this is bad advice to be giving out .
if you are actually an insurance agent and like money , this is bad advice to be giving out .
as someone with common sense there is no reason to have children unless you specifically want to nurture a human being and have the time , money and patience for it .
how many years have to go by before you 're no longer allowed to abort the pregnancy ?
as a single female with no kids , i advise everyone to never have children .
or safety dance
i thought the official substitution rules were " anything by rush , but never brian adams . "
i thought the official substitution rules were " anything by rush , but never brian adams . "
the australian national anthem fits the gilligan 's island theme
let 's go to the mall
or " call me maybe "
to steal a comment i saw on another thread . " bruce , why did you cut all my employee health benefits ? " " oh , like you 'll need it . "
i think it depends on continuity . i believe right now its owned by luthor ( who is also currently a super hero . though i 'm a bit behind , that might 've changed ... but he 's been a hero so goddamn long now i 'm legitimately thinking this might stick )
i think it depends on continuity . i believe right now its owned by luthor ( who is also currently a super hero . though i 'm a bit behind , that might 've changed ... but he 's been a hero so goddamn long now i 'm legitimately thinking this might stick )
til clark kent is superman
this all seems like a conflict of interest . fake news !
do you think charitable organizations in gotham have caught on that the best thing that can happen to them is to be targeted by a supervillain , because it 's great press and bruce wayne inevitably hands you a kajillion dollars the week after ?
something something getting nailed with seamen
" be right back guys , i 'm gonna go nail this chick "
" be right back guys , i 'm gonna go nail this chick "
hence the term " irony " another made up fact brought to you by reddit
island women , defeating the english navy by the power of pussy .
did you pay the iron price ?
1:1 suicide supreme tees friend
where the 1:1 succ at
where the 1:1 succ at
r nevertellmetheodds
whats the number next to your name
not exactly the war ended at some moment so those who had luck would be out of it .
we 're not resource rich tourist destinations
we value profits over people .
we value profits over people .
how else am i gonna know mcrib is back ? ! ?
because who gives a shit . they 're billboards .
it 's literally billboards , who gives a shit ? unless you 're trying to preserve beauty or something like the other 4 states
i too saw that other comment on reddit mentioning this .
this is april 1st rfc for those who are n't aware .
this is april 1st rfc for those who are n't aware .
tfw no one trusts those who surveil , and we offline encode decode printed cryptograms that are sent via avian ip and homing ferret networks .
" many carriers can be used without significant interference with each other , outside of early spring ... the carriers have an intrinsic collision avoidance system , which increases availability . "
lol the memo refers to a " pecking order , " glad to see someone was having fun with it
and i 'm sure the added benefit of kids calming the fuck down is just a bonus ( even if only from the hops )
can you imagine the insanity of our local moral guardians if someone tried to do this in the united states ?
can you imagine the insanity of our local moral guardians if someone tried to do this in the united states ?
i feel like introducing alcohol to some extent in children would make them less likely to feel the urge to get hammered when they 're in their 20s .
a table saison could not only easily replace soft drinks without the use of artificial sweeteners , but introduce a variety of amazing health benefits.they are high in vitamins ( especially of the b variety ) and promote good gut bacteria . source : i make the beer .
do we have any of these low alcohol beers in the u . s . ?
how come people who think they are reincarnated are always heroes in a past life , and not some anonymous shit shoveller who worked in a stable or something ...
magnificent bastard
magnificent bastard
well , i mean , if you 're going to get reincarnated as a soldier once , you might as well do it multiple times , so why not ?
its interesting how he says he thought to serve under napoleon , and not be napoleon him self .
here 's why every " reincarnation " story is bullshit . no one ever says , i am a reincarnation of a baby that lived a month before dying of typhus , even though most humans that have ever lived would fall into category of infants who never made it to adulthood .
seems like the islands cannot really handle an influx of people , so the ban seems reasonable . pr is open and has automatic 30 day humanitarian visas for those seeking refuge .
the virgin islands are wrecked and it 's not getting much coverage . you can find ways to help here __url__
the virgin islands are wrecked and it 's not getting much coverage . you can find ways to help here __url__
the usvi probably does n't have the resources to care for a bunch of random people at the moment .
and ? those islands are n't large with infinite resources . where is the british government in all this ?
they are allowing them in pr , you know an island that was still hit but is doing slightly better . usvi are beyond fucked , i dont see how anyone thinks adding more people is going to end well for anyone .
bro , i have 7 , 5 and 4 year old boys . the 7 and 4 year olds are scary smart but have zero common sense . they are gonna have to be tough ... very tough .
they 're hiding something . search they 're drawers
they 're hiding something . search they 're drawers
was this kid . you have my sympathies .
it 's gonna be ok , you can pay for the son 's damages from the girls ' super villain schemes .
fellow mother of a 7 year old son . i can commiserate . we 're going to have an interesting time in another 8 9 years .
and then he builds a plane out of elmers glue .
saving his life ...
saving his life ...
gravity got him in the end though ..
he would have made one hell of a pilot ( as long as it was n't a long ez ) ..
caroll spinney ( big bird ) was supposed to be in the challenger , but the big bird suit would n't fit . he talks about it in the documentary " i am big bird . "
seen it quite often in uk . especially wine bottles . not the majority of the time but not rare .
less numbers to print ! smart .
less numbers to print ! smart .
pretty sure most spirits are in cl . edit : like this __url__
3.3 dl or 5dl
i guess it happens but i often see 0.33 l instead . etc .
it used to happen spontaneously when i 'd eat candy , but i 've since learned to harness the power and gleek at will .
probably the weirdest human body function that ever existed
probably the weirdest human body function that ever existed
i wish i could gleek at will .. only ever seems to happen randomly after eating something sour or tangy .
is this the same as those little drops that come out when yawning ?
i learned to do this on command in grade school from a friend , we called it " lurching " . years later i can hit a target fairly accurate from like 5 feet lol . sour candy makes doing this much more easy and you get a longer and stronger " stream " .
again ?
wish i could make 800 million off a " garbage tv show " .
wish i could make 800 million off a " garbage tv show " .
are you a teen ? you are
slightly interested to know what your idea of a good tv show is ?
no soup for you ! next !
and the pound sign is a stylised l for lira . it does n't come from the latin but from italian bankers who had to take over the money lending when the brits kicked out the jews .
american here what does sd mean ? besides resembling a drug .
american here what does sd mean ? besides resembling a drug .
half a denarii for me life story ? ! there 's no pleasing some people .
so that 's what to currency is in mount and blade
what did the romans ever do for us ?
have n't had the chance to use that yet , but once i do , i 'll be ready to die .
my mother cooks socks where ?
my mother cooks socks where ?
even the edited tv version which stated the unforgivable insult that her mother did in fact " sew socks that smell "
demons really are quite lame . very limited in power , hurling pathetic insults . i 've seen better trolls on twitter .
a star is born .
point taken but usually the gun is somewhere near your body in that case ... i suppose it is possible he shot himself twice and as a last act tossed it out the closed window on to a garbage truck but that seems unlikely .
this is what i m thinking . also if i m framing a suicide , i don t shoot twice .
this is what i m thinking . also if i m framing a suicide , i don t shoot twice .
reddit should show the same level of critical thinking and skepticism regarding news about enemies of the usa like russia , china , nk and whatnot .
plus , let 's be honest . i doubt the cia would be that sloppy . i 'm sure they 've got a multitude of ways of making a suicide look more believable .
plenty of journalists get killed years after their reveal . mafia in sicilia is known for that . the point is as much to make an example as grim reminder for other journalists , as well as good ol retribution .
i agree that her 60s stuff were great . charade is another one of my favorites , so fun and suspenseful at the same time ! i 'll have to check out two for the road next .
my fair lady is also preety good !
my fair lady is also preety good !
two for the road is my " underrated gem " , like moon . i saw blue valentine after i saw two for the road and was like " this is n't groundbreaking , they did this in 1967 " charade is better but that 's still up there .
every hepburn love in deserves a sabrina shoutout . she 's so warm and charming in everything but sabrina will always be my favorite , sweet and funny but not afraid to be dark at times . it 's just a lovely film .
two for the road is a great movie , in all aspects from screenplay to cast ... but very much underrated . ( and it would have been fun to watch gregory peck as her co actor in this ... )
trivial pursuit has lied to me again .
that 's still about two times around the world , though .
that 's still about two times around the world , though .
the best thing about standards is that there are so many to choose from .
2.422 miles or 3.898 kilometers , according to napoleon
why are the french trying to steal our leagues ? give them back , french .
well she believed that suffering brought them closer to god , so in her eyes she was doing them a favour . but when she got ill , she flew to the most expensive hospitals in europe .
she also preached not using birth control in a very over populated country so i would have to agree she was a piece of shit .
she also preached not using birth control in a very over populated country so i would have to agree she was a piece of shit .
yeah , she was a monster that deserves no respect .
that fucking vile woman makes my blood boil . i hope her religion is real so she can burn in hell . she actually died on the exact day , month , and year i was born . i could n't be happier .
somehow , when i tell people this i do n't get the point across as well
claimed sales , though on actual certified sales they are behind : eagles greatest hits whitney houston bodyguard led zeppelin iv shania twain come on over
back
back
r . i . p . malcolm young
my favorite .
the only perfect rock n roll album . rock in peace , malcom young .
it was all weed
she denies climate change and insists that the earth is flat .
she denies climate change and insists that the earth is flat .
stabbing or poisoning bill himself
:(
climate change
and that 's the story i tell my kids when i want them to eat all their food ...
i think the real crime here is that he discarded pizza
i think the real crime here is that he discarded pizza
precisely why i always eat the crust .
avoid the noid .
i wonder if there is a semi super villain called the nap slapper , who goes around slapping people who are taking naps .
til davy crockett was in congress
the most accurate depiction of what happened . the most !
the most accurate depiction of what happened . the most !
that 's actually pretty interesting , considering his history with them . crockett fought in the creek war .
i do n't think anyone can spend as much time with a people as crockett and in good conscience throw them off their own land
i was unaware low yield nuclear weapons had a vote
and god damn they are good .
better than " our label is run by homos "
better than " our label is run by homos "
brutal .
so very negative ...
there was a band in the 90s called the negro problem .
skewed . we used much less back then .
less use by far . we have n't dammed up a major waterway in a while , maybe a new hydro dam ?
less use by far . we have n't dammed up a major waterway in a while , maybe a new hydro dam ?
ahh statistics .
back in 1900 it was much higher than 50 when most power was generated by hydro electric .
does it count nuclear as renewable ?
ok . __url__
lmao those " defense " chants are so retarded hahahah
lmao those " defense " chants are so retarded hahahah
this is one of the greatest videos in sports
always reminds me of this edit . nsfw and spoilers for neon genesis evangelion .
will always upvote this . shoutout r rudygay ... i mean r atlantahawks
according to wikipedia verne used the paris league which is about 4km , so 80 000km total .
til how long a league is
til how long a league is
there s an snl sketch with kelsey grammer and phil hartman about this .
snl did a pretty good skit about this quite a few years ago . __url__ the link is u patsonso 's ...
the german title of the book translates to " 20.000 miles under the sea " i wonder if they had to change some of the plot as well to match the title .
i gave you a brand new armani suit !
i 'll take a big salad .
i 'll take a big salad .
no soup for you !
so like a super sandwich ?
no soup for you ! ! !
nobody does the best writings better than him .
while he could have put the letters , spaces and punctuation in a different order , he chose an arrangement that produced a very readable and entertaining outcome .
while he could have put the letters , spaces and punctuation in a different order , he chose an arrangement that produced a very readable and entertaining outcome .
10 10
a lot of people say so . the largest number of people ever recorded .
yuge writer .
badass if there ever was one
i wonder what goes through your mind when you are being zipped up in a body bag . truly a terrifying thought . thank you for your service master sergeant .
i wonder what goes through your mind when you are being zipped up in a body bag . truly a terrifying thought . thank you for your service master sergeant .
not dead yet , doc . r humansaremetal
this is insane . some soldiers get killed by a shot in the head on first enemy contact , and he fights for 6 hours with dozens of wounds . just unbelievable .
texans are a different breed
interesting , as i 've always been more attracted to polar opposites of myself
this is explains why i 'm always looking for a girl with bad posture and a hairy ass .
this is explains why i 'm always looking for a girl with bad posture and a hairy ass .
i married a guy with the same brown green hazel eyes as myself , the same dark brown hair , similar skin tone , cheekbones , and jaw line as myself . he is just much taller .
everything 's coming together now ...
til why i 'm still single . it 's odd to find in my country an ber skinny 6 ' 6 " guy who is pale enough to make people think gondor is calling for help when he goes out in the sun .
cave diving is super dangrous ( nsfw , skip 5th gif if you can n't handle dead bodies )
sanctum ? nearly killed ' em !
sanctum ? nearly killed ' em !
nope real cave diving story is relevant and worth a read : __url__
damn that is unfortunate . that movie was very good , and also very frightening ! i never in a million years would dare to try cave diving . it involves two things that scares me senseless , dark water and dark , claustrophobic caves . i would recommend the movie though
it looks pretty dangerous . but then again ...
you hit the nail on the head with that comment .
i 'm going to go ahead and agree with the angry man over here . it does n't piss me off quite as much , but the pun is far and away the lowest form of lazy wit . they 're not clever , and if you find them funny your sense of humour is not something i have any interest in sharing .
i 'm going to go ahead and agree with the angry man over here . it does n't piss me off quite as much , but the pun is far and away the lowest form of lazy wit . they 're not clever , and if you find them funny your sense of humour is not something i have any interest in sharing .
r til has some of the worst comment sections on reddit . better off just sticking to the posts or unsubscribing .
you nailed it . this thread is absolutely not in ship shape .
people are really going overboard with these puns , you hit the nail on the head
shark livers are filled with a fatty oil that is very energy dense there are 8 calories in just 1ml of shark liver oil and it has good fatty acids . if you were eating a shark the liver is actually one of the better bits survival wise .
in 2017 , along the south african cost , four great whites were found washed ashore with their livers removed with what was described as ' surgical precision ' . local scientists claim that pods of orcas in the area were to blame for the attacks .
in 2017 , along the south african cost , four great whites were found washed ashore with their livers removed with what was described as ' surgical precision ' . local scientists claim that pods of orcas in the area were to blame for the attacks .
i remember hearing that in wolf packs the alpha eats the liver first
with some fava beans and a fine chianti . fs fs fs fs fs
he actually ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti . the must have left that part out of the story . source : the orca is my psychiatrist
lazy shits
damn them mexicans are crazy multitaskers . able to take all of our jobs and be unemployed and leeching off of society at the same time !
damn them mexicans are crazy multitaskers . able to take all of our jobs and be unemployed and leeching off of society at the same time !
am i the only fucking one here who has never heard mexicans being called lazy ? in fact they have a reputation ( stereotype ) for being hard working . anyone ?
can you blame them for looking across the border for better opportunities
ahh fuck here we go ...
it 's a big place , i 'm sure they 're barely noticeable amongst all of the vastness and killer snakes and spiders .
rabbits only live for about 3 years so there 's always a couple of million rabbit carcasses around somewhere .
rabbits only live for about 3 years so there 's always a couple of million rabbit carcasses around somewhere .
they did n't all die at once ... the process is still ongoing .
that 's a lot of on the barbie
predation and scavenging are pretty big in australia . corpses do n't lay around for long .
i think you might like westworld
this would proof that you can definitely be in a simulation as well . especially when they start to build such a simulation .
this would proof that you can definitely be in a simulation as well . especially when they start to build such a simulation .
it does n't look like anything to me
( spoiler ) thirteenth floor
... inside a minecraft game .
it is a highly classified military explosives plant ... it is far more likely to contain a mew or mewtwo .
to be fair , you can n't go a mile in virginia without running into a military facility .
to be fair , you can n't go a mile in virginia without running into a military facility .
the title says at the height of , so sounds like the first week it came out .
i 'd probably go in for an unown lol
scrub
til that the toll road system is more powerful than the president
the motorcade is not stopping to pay a fucking toll c'mon guys
the motorcade is not stopping to pay a fucking toll c'mon guys
the president ( s ) spends millions on vacations but still pays tolls ?
i 'll bet they 've gotten a electronic pass by now .
i know it says that the window can roll down to pay tolls , but the source is the daily mail . i find it hard to believe that they have to stop for tolls . seems like a security risk .
i do n't understand why there 's " no need for supervison " , this guy ate someone on a damn bus , it should n't even matter what mental illness he has . who knows if this guy 'll have a psychotic break in the near future .
wait , why did canada stab and eat someone ?
wait , why did canada stab and eat someone ?
that 's how the law works in canada , he said sorry .
he should never have been released under any circumstances , let alone unsupervised after such a short time . disgusting
i worked at west coast amusements for a time , tim worked on the same unit as me , but i 'd never met him . i 've heard lots of good things though .
this is why the society for creative anachronism named their highest service award the order of the pelican .
do you have a moment to hear about the good news of our lord and savior pelican christ ?
do you have a moment to hear about the good news of our lord and savior pelican christ ?
is there any proof that these birds have done this ? ?
iirc the louisiana state flag uses this and you can see three red droplets on the main pelican .
i 'm in the camp that pelicans are asshole dinosaurs , that chase mama ducks scooping up babies .
recorded . cassowaries are pretty careful about witnesses .
so your'e telling me there 's a chance .
so your'e telling me there 's a chance .
far cry 3 lied to me
of course . it 's the drop bears you gotta worry about .
that does n't mean we should fuck with them anyway though ! they are aggressive and freaky if you have ever seen one .
poor guy just got diagnosed with als too . i feel bad for him .
strange use of capitalization .
strange use of capitalization .
so he was a teenager the whole time ?
to any aspiring creators doubting the " write what you know " method , please read this article lol
the one hero of humboldt state !
" from hell 's heart i stab at thee ! " wrath of khan is n't subtle about the moby dick references . that 's a direct quote .
a copy of moby dick is shown on a book shelf in the remains of khan 's old ship , the botany bay .
a copy of moby dick is shown on a book shelf in the remains of khan 's old ship , the botany bay .
the whole of star trek is a pretty close rewrite of captain cook 's journeys of exploration to australia and the pacific . captain cook captain kirk the endeavour the enterprise best friend scientist banks spock voyage of discovery etc
white wail .
was there a mutara nebula in moby dick ?
ummmm that is common around the world .
but tentacle cartoon porn is n't ? way to go , japan .
but tentacle cartoon porn is n't ? way to go , japan .
being in the closet is not exclusive to japan .
til marrying a beard is a thing only japanese people do apparently .
oh so they pull a tom cruise ... good cover
imagine you were living there . you have of course a certain national pride and tendency towards france itself , but you live in a country with better food , even more beautiful women and superior fashion style . that must be hard . s
baise ouais ! plus fran ais que m me les fran ais ! l'honhonhon s'intensifie
baise ouais ! plus fran ais que m me les fran ais ! l'honhonhon s'intensifie
this edict has essentially killed arpitan . most likely the adoption of the french language was do just that ( as well as securing stronger diplomatic and commercial ties with france ) .
jambon aoste
and the most swedish speaking area is in finland hammarland . weird , but true .
at some point in their long history they invented a cart that could accurately place markers by counting wheel rotations and dropping the stone at the correct distance .
a pace is n't a step . usually , and certainly in this case , a pace is the distance of two steps , the distance between your left footfall , and when it falls again . one thousand of these is about 5000 feet , giving us the mile .
a pace is n't a step . usually , and certainly in this case , a pace is the distance of two steps , the distance between your left footfall , and when it falls again . one thousand of these is about 5000 feet , giving us the mile .
why would a well fed army march further ? it would still be 1000 steps .
i could just see the guy in charge of counting ... 865 , 866 , 867 , 868 and some jerkoff next to him going 10 , 69 , 52 , 33 , 71 ...
so the word " mile " comes from the latin for " one thousand " . huh . til
did n't actually believe you . went and checked ... fuck . r . i . p .
i read that as he passed away yesterday and nearly had a heart attack . i do n't want him to die :(
i read that as he passed away yesterday and nearly had a heart attack . i do n't want him to die :(
we know . that 's the only reason this post was made . karma circle jerk . gotta post while the topic is hot
yup , that 's literally the only reason why this was posted . to real that sweet , sweet karma talking about someone who just recently died . happens every time . gotta love reddit .
damn , have a feeling we will be loosing stan soon .. heartbreak syndrome is no joke . i hope he has some support to get thru this time we still need you stan !
jamie oliver demonstrated this once in a ted talk using tarpaulin and a wheelbarrow . it 's a great watch . if you ever see a " low fat " claim , check the sugar .
you say that like the milk has added sugar .
you say that like the milk has added sugar .
it 's preferable to letting any keto circlejerkers near the school .
it 's more valuable to use the milk fat in butter and cheese , which ship better and last longer .
i think this is why i always hated milk when i was a child . it was always too sweet . as an adult i love milk , but i only buy whole milk .
phil collins is also an honorary texan due to his donation of alamo memorabilia .
man i 've never heard another rap album quite like e . 1999 eternal . it 's demonic , mysterious , and sounds like something from another world .
man i 've never heard another rap album quite like e . 1999 eternal . it 's demonic , mysterious , and sounds like something from another world .
that 's even more interesting than ted cruz being an honorary member of gwar .
sounds awesome __url__
he 's also an honorary accessory to murder for " sussudio . "
til jean claud van damme slept a total of 16 hours in the entire 90 s .
oh , it was stress , not the success that allowed him to blow through that much coke .
oh , it was stress , not the success that allowed him to blow through that much coke .
that seems like the numbers police use when they bust someone with a few 8balls . even now you can get a ball for like 150 ( 3.5 grams ) multiply by 3 and that 's 10.5 grams a day for 450 ... 7 is 3150 . even so .. dayum
wait , you mean guile was snorting blow the whole time ?
an actor ? doing lots of coke ? no !
' til our parts do me dead .
' til death to their parts .
' til death to their parts .
till they do their part to death .
' til their parts do them death .
' til penis blows apart .
wow , i guess you do n't want to mess with the canucks or they 'll shoot you from so far away you will n't even hear them say sorry .
the lesson ? do n't fuck with canada .
the lesson ? do n't fuck with canada .
makes sense since canada is so far from the conflicts .
that is not what i was expecting not by a long shot .
did they drink two beers before shooting ?
bender !
back when it was acceptable to get a solid buzz for lunch . now you just take a pill for it
back when it was acceptable to get a solid buzz for lunch . now you just take a pill for it
and gort want strong enough to carry the actress so they had to use a dummy
martinis are like a woman 's breasts : one 's not enough , three 's too many
125,000 ? it 's a cool costume but that seems a tad high .
i am the senate
well that 's comforting
well that 's comforting
ave caesar !
so the president can pull a palpatine and get emergency powers ? let 's hope there 's not like an order 66 lying around somewhere too
reichstag fire , here we come !
this , too , was posted a few hours ago .
that 's sad . now he may never have kids ...
that 's sad . now he may never have kids ...
that went from really cool to depressing in 2 seconds flat .
so would the unborn son 's estate still be entitled to royalties , separate from prince 's , from the song ? ( hypothetical debate )
how 'd the album do ?
big whoop i drank a whole bottle of wine from the gas station once i put my kids to bed last night .
if the iss travels at 17,150 mph ( according to google ) then relative to earth , she covered 75,460 miles . that 's and awesome stride !
if the iss travels at 17,150 mph ( according to google ) then relative to earth , she covered 75,460 miles . that 's and awesome stride !
this makes me think that astronauts have definitely had sex out there .
i do n't know why but people in their spacesuits always look hilarious to me . kinda like those bodybuilders whose heads just lose all proportion to the rest of them .
i wonder if weightlessness helped or hindered her recovery phase after that run ? would her muscles ache more or less afterwards ?
that 's what china 's trying to achieve since the 70s by establishing a one child law . in 2014 ( give or take 2 years , bad memory ) it was changed to 2 kids max . source : am chinese
or adopt !
or adopt !
that makes an economic problem in a growth based economy .
that 's why vr is going to be the new plague ! why go out and have a family when you can just have a virtual one at home . also virtual sex ... did i mention my vr set is amazing ? p
the us is still a net population loss currently by birthrate . only immigration keeps population increasing .
why would you buy a pack of gum and not chew it ?
first upc scanned . it was in marsh grocery store . i live right down the road . probably the only claim to fame out of troy .
first upc scanned . it was in marsh grocery store . i live right down the road . probably the only claim to fame out of troy .
and as for today , smithsonian institute is still waiting for the very first ever qr code scanned .
ohio bitches the mother of presidents , astronauts and the barcode
i just watched an episode from defcon about barcodes . this is bullshit . they were invented decades before the 70 ' s for use on train cars . edit : the title is referring to the first scanned universal product code , not the first barcode .
and it was worth every penny .
they also used it in an episode of community . i wonder if it cost the same for them or if it was way cheaper since they 're both nbc shows .
they also used it in an episode of community . i wonder if it cost the same for them or if it was way cheaper since they 're both nbc shows .
__url__
and it was the best only joke in the movie .
it was also used in the love guru when mike myers gives mariska hargitay a scale model of the courthouse .
i kind of love the til effect . whenever something hits the news i undoubtedly will learn huge amounts about that particular subject for a week .
fuck off , pepsi . stop trying to use civil rights to peddle your wares you cretins .
fuck off , pepsi . stop trying to use civil rights to peddle your wares you cretins .
solid damage control pepsi , very inconspicuous
oh mr pepsi pr rep ...
glances at the jenner ad oh , how far we 've come ...
not entirely true , if i remember correctly you are allowed to use it to mark any health services in war zones . i do n't think it 's a requirement to be part of the red cross .
can i use the red plus instead ?
can i use the red plus instead ?
my little sister used it to give a presentation about clara barton , founder of the red cross
somebody tell switzerland ?
what are they gonna do , shoot me ?
i can think of two in south jersey not sure if the one is asbury park is still there though ?
they closed the " last one in london " on my street last year after vice magazine grassed up the location . it seems sad really .
they closed the " last one in london " on my street last year after vice magazine grassed up the location . it seems sad really .
there 's a place by me in danbury ct that has like viewing booths , but i 'm not sure if they 're live or not . i also came across one up in nowhere nh
there was one in newark nj that just closed or is in the process of closing this year .
youngstown ohio has the foster .
have you ever wondered why you sometimes do n't hear back after applying for a job ?
same here . been using it since i was 18 , i can n't change it now .
same here . been using it since i was 18 , i can n't change it now .
i still do occasionally . it 's my my first ever email address , registered in ' 95 , i think .
me too , even though it 's technically outlook now my address is still hotmail
me too . i mean , how else do you sign on to windows and onedrive ... and my windows phone
yeah ... but many of them were handed over to the soviets later where they were tortured , raped and enslaved for decades . many were repatriated in the 1960 ' s
sabaton wrote a song about them
sabaton wrote a song about them
remember western europe , when arrogant americans say we saved your ass in world war ii , we might be referring to saving you from the soviets .
why do you capitalize like that ?
hitler did not take this well .
why did n't he just blame it on another wife ?
i give it an hour until this post is removed by the mods .
i give it an hour until this post is removed by the mods .
the irony .
her severed head was still wearing a hijab so it 's okay .
you can take the man out of the ghetto , but you can n't take the ghetto out of the man .
she came into my dad 's restaurant a couple weeks before she died . she signed a picture for us , and said " they 're heeeeeeeere " for everyone . i was young , and that was just about the coolest thing i 'd seen ... then a few weeks later , the saddest thing .
co star dominique dunn was strangled by her ex .
co star dominique dunn was strangled by her ex .
maybe it 's just me , but i thought the drugs caused the death due to the placement in the title . she did not die from the meds , but from lack of treatment for the real problem : acute bowel obstruction .
first , do no harm .
so sad :(
was that the year phil hartman was killed ?
rip phil hartman . we also lost lionel hutz .
rip phil hartman . we also lost lionel hutz .
zapp brannigans voice was made to soud like troy 's in phil 's honor as he was originally cast for that voice role .
you may remember him from ..
jeez , 19 years ago .
__url__
i 'm mexican and i am a little angry because we have one of the greatest anthems
i 'm mexican and i am a little angry because we have one of the greatest anthems
what funny sing should they play if an american won a contest unexpectedly ?
if anything winning a grand prix in a triumph is more impressive . did n't even realise they allowed cars like that in f1 .
i don t know what a mexican hat dance is , but i imagine it s like a mexican yankee doodle , so i can understand why he d be pissed .
came here to say this . a true classic aussie move
i heard a story of the police investigating the disappearance was quoted ( accidentally ) saying " the investigation has come to a dead halt holt "
i heard a story of the police investigating the disappearance was quoted ( accidentally ) saying " the investigation has come to a dead halt holt "
it 's down the road from us . nice pool , i was there a few weeks ago . name cracks me up tho
and a naval base .
it 's where i learned to swim !
also known as any average middle school adolescent male .
so you would sacrifice your ass to the infinite boner god . thanks greece .
so you would sacrifice your ass to the infinite boner god . thanks greece .
did you too go down the wikipedia rabit hole after reading about the death erection post from yesterday 's til ?
at first i thought you meant " infinitely long " erection rather than " eternal " erection .
also , san francisco is home to a temple devoted to this very god . __url__
idiots will always be idiots , no matter how much access to information you give them ...
that is an amazing line .
that is an amazing line .
especially twitter which forces small messages . i hate that it 's so popular . it 's a terrible platform for anything except fanboys to follow celebreties ' everyday stuff .
there has been a relatively recent trend on r politics of massive copy paste comments with dozens of arguments on every post pertaining to whatever the overall topic of the post is . they 're always highly upvoted and usually mostly wrong or insignificant .
humanity is still not ready for the communication level that the internet has brought to it . we are witnessing the growing pains of opinion sharing on a global level .
as an american who speaks no icelandic languages , they 're almost all unisex to me .
i saw inside out in iceland , and the subtitles changed her name to a more traditional female icelandic name .
i saw inside out in iceland , and the subtitles changed her name to a more traditional female icelandic name .
on the flip side , v kingur is a legit name .
is aaron a unisex name ? i know erin is common for the female version and has the same pronunciation ( at least in american english ) but aaron is n't so i am not sure if my name is unisex or not .
how could you even tell ?
i doubt anyone regrets dying . probably a lot of people have regretted being about to die , though .
apparently not on r 2meirl4meirl
apparently not on r 2meirl4meirl
in his case , he probs regretted dying from his stupidity .
some people regret being born , too .
not me
he was a professional skateboarder before kevin smith got him to act
well , that 's dumb
well , that 's dumb
and the mother is beth riesgraf who was in leverage and an episode of how i met your mother
was this following the births of the first three children , casper , sonny , and alberta ' birdy ' lee ?
yuck . so much yuck .
this almost sounds like a title from r subredditsimulator
all the homies poured out a little peanut butter that day . actually , it spanned many days because peanut butter takes a long time to pour out .
all the homies poured out a little peanut butter that day . actually , it spanned many days because peanut butter takes a long time to pour out .
" he died either of a self inflicted gunshot wound or a wound sustained earlier " according to an article linked in wikipedia , in case anyone was wondering .
til that 's an actual song , not a fake song from family guy
how 's that shit end ? suicide or shootout ?
in india today , they do n't want any part of that outdated technology . shit 's old , they say . a newly paved road , that 's the way to go .
yet now they just poop where ever when they need . is that the next level ?
yet now they just poop where ever when they need . is that the next level ?
why poop in a toilet when you have a perfectly good beach to ruin ? __url__
i heard they now pay people in india to use an actual toilet .
how ironic .
also the soviet union had stalin
the last podcast on the left did a fantastic episode on him . that dude was scary as hell .
the last podcast on the left did a fantastic episode on him . that dude was scary as hell .
brb , giving my daughter all my knives and teaching her krav .
wow , in a state where stalin murdered millions , their police force was thorough and took an extremely conservative approach to correctly validating the suspect deserved to be arrested . what a wired world .
it was really a miracle he got caught .
this is why the queen 's son is the prince of wales .
can confirm . am queen 's humpback .
can confirm . am queen 's humpback .
i like to think the queen goes on a dolphin ride now and then .
so the fat girl i met at the bar ... she was royalty ?
oh , i 'm sorry ... did i just bugger the queens fish ? bit clammy innit ?
its because they hate drama and people keep bringing around .
i need more upvotes for this
i need more upvotes for this
to be fair the boss probably does hate them
ah , that must be a hate boner then .
you know my ex ?
as a close friend likes to say : " when you 're at the bottom of the military shitpile , it all stinks equally . "
it can depend on the mos in the army . every marine , every marine , requires yearly weapon training and they can all sub in for infantry basically . not true of all army moss .
it can depend on the mos in the army . every marine , every marine , requires yearly weapon training and they can all sub in for infantry basically . not true of all army moss .
yes , but culture difference is huge . also , it s a joke ) don t get your ranger undies in a wod .
its more of a culture thing . marines tend to be meat heads on a much more common basis than army guys tbh .
since we are basing opinions on hear say here 's a link for you . i think you might have something with your rock solid theory __url__
that is frightening .
i actually think it 's pretty cool lol
i actually think it 's pretty cool lol
i 'm a pretty big simpsons fan but this ... edit : " i 'm a pretty big simpsons fan , i 'm just not a fan of big simspsons "
wtf ... creepy
i believe that was used at a movie theater to advertise the movie .
my plan was to add weird but not hard requirements to keep it . " must bake cookies for 1 class per semester . "
my school has a scholarship if you have a specific name . does that count ? sorry , i dont know the name .
my school has a scholarship if you have a specific name . does that count ? sorry , i dont know the name .
send every orphaned black gay little person with aids to college ! ! !
you can make one so ridiculous that no one will ever be able to meet the requirements . then you do n't even need to have the money to set up the scholarship . you can start it right now . hell while you 're at it make it a full ride .
must be able to shotgun a beer in 30 seconds and drink a 24 pack in 12 hours ...
sounds easy , you go first
still , you have one shot and most likely no prior experience with getting it done . that would be badass af though .
still , you have one shot and most likely no prior experience with getting it done . that would be badass af though .
" what one man can do , another can do . say it . "
like the movie the edge ! shows how scary the bears are too . i met anothony hopkins in canmore when i was like 2 years old while they were filming lol
anthony hopkins did it .
it 's fascinating to me that the decendents of vikings are now donald duck magazine collectors .
especially the italian super duck comics . characters even died in those .
especially the italian super duck comics . characters even died in those .
me too , don rosa is my favourite artist . those details , man ! and i love the treasure hunts and scrooge 's youth stories .
i really want to read them but i can never find them in english speaking countries . do you know if they offer english versions ?
if its the same as the stuff i read when i was a kid in portugal then you are right . loved those comics , dont remember them being " cutesy "
i think not being allowed to run them over is part of the law in question .
there really is n't a dog overpopulation problem in germany . there are no homeless dogs and shelters are not overrun . there is even enough space that shelters get strays from romania and spain . shelters struggle more with too many cats .
there really is n't a dog overpopulation problem in germany . there are no homeless dogs and shelters are not overrun . there is even enough space that shelters get strays from romania and spain . shelters struggle more with too many cats .
the tax does it . owning a dog is not cheap so you filter some irresponsible people out leading to fewer dogs overall .
maybe fewer irresponsible people in germany ?
you 've obviously never heard of german efficacy before .
and that 's how you end dying from treatable prostate cancer
if only you knew what you are missing .
if only you knew what you are missing .
do n't forget to have your prostate exam .
enjoy your prostate cancer
how many other activities are you repressed about ?
realistically though it 's an old unforced law that has no bearing on today 's uk .
shame they changed the law , i would have liked to be ' deported ' to australia .
shame they changed the law , i would have liked to be ' deported ' to australia .
the sex pistols would all be in prison if this was true
there are loads of " official " laws that got fuck all working for them . like the queen owns all the deers and swans and all that stuff . whats she gonna do if i 'm in the woods , a deer approaches me disney style , and i bash its head in with a rock . nothing
wow . rough thing to learn . sorry about your life in prison .
holy hell , how surreal would that be ! imagine being hold up somewhere under attack by the north , and in the midst of this , " white christmas " !
i have a friend whose dad worked for the us embassy in saigon . her family was one of the ones evacuated off the roof by helicopter .
i have a friend whose dad worked for the us embassy in saigon . her family was one of the ones evacuated off the roof by helicopter .
this afternoon it 'll be partly shooty with a chance of mortars ...
john has a long moustache
it was a bright cold day in april ...
look at the amount of daytrippers turning up for the 1963 final
that 's ridiculous , keeps the competition good though .
that 's ridiculous , keeps the competition good though .
crazy that hjk never repeated in their dominant spell . funny enough if you have an fm save and are n't playing in finland hjk will win the title every year until eternity
lahti s got it next year ! i feel it !
was it the cup winners cup that had the record before ? iirc , that was never won two years in a row by the same team .
til pandas presenting look very similar to ducks
is it bestiality if the non human species is the one making the advances ?
is it bestiality if the non human species is the one making the advances ?
ducks
they should have just dressed the other pandas to look like a humans .
did she prefer white guys , black guys , or guys like frank gorshin or lou antonio in star trek ... ?
mindhunters is a terrible name , but a fantastic show .
so ... i can have a serial killer read me bedtime stories ?
so ... i can have a serial killer read me bedtime stories ?
weird . i wonder how many people have listened to him without knowing he killed a bunch of folks .
that 's edmund kemper for you . always trying to get ahead .
a brief clip
that 's not true if they ditched and swam around they would 've been picked up . they would n't be shot like buffalo .
that and they were told that surrender is worse than death . and the barbarian invaders will treat them horrible ( probably nostril rape ) .
that and they were told that surrender is worse than death . and the barbarian invaders will treat them horrible ( probably nostril rape ) .
it 's possible , but iirc there was a russian pilot who defected with his mig during the cold war . edit : link
were their radios incapable of communicating with each other ? could they not learn the english for , " i surrender yolo " and keep spamming the radios ?
if they avoided obvious places , slowed their airspeed and wagged their wings i doubt they would n't have been shot down .
they sure avoided the hell out of that problem .
" what should we name this state ? i know , columbia ! " " nah ... that 'll get confused with washington , district of columbia . we need a different name " " washington ! " " omg done ! "
" what should we name this state ? i know , columbia ! " " nah ... that 'll get confused with washington , district of columbia . we need a different name " " washington ! " " omg done ! "
" where are you from ? " " vancouver . " " oh , you 're canadian then ? " " no , in washington . " " d . c ? " " no , the state , god damn it ! "
oh , yes , because washington state is much less confusing .
and they are now changing district of columbia drivers licenses to say washington dc because so many people outside the area thought they were fake : __url__
til mother teresa was gandhi .
gandhi
gandhi
i would n't call gandhi sadistic .
anyone else get living color 's cult of personality stuck in their head after reading that ?
you need another edit for that .
or maybe its more important to promote higher based on actual ability rather than qualification ( winning the race )
the " peter principle "
the " peter principle "
what is " meritocracy " for 1000 alex ? the distinction between past experience and qualifications are kinda blurry here , considering the past experience would make for qualifications in certain instances i think , but w e
from an hr perspective i 'd say you should n't hire the best candidate you interviewed just because they were the best if they are n't actually going to be that good at the job .
hire talent over a hard worker ?
so you could be on the look out for all the savage indians and irish
yes . they did n't have gears and in order to make them faster they increased the size of the wheel .
yes . they did n't have gears and in order to make them faster they increased the size of the wheel .
another thing is , it looks ridiculous now , but people were used to riding high and mounting horses . this was a similar height to horse height .
the floor used to be a lot lower so they had to be .
marijuana was frowned upon .
me , i just get more duties titles without the promotion raise wear them with pride .
me too ! it 's happened twice now . supervisor is leaving , and i 'm being groomed to take his place . i end up starting his duties , then right after he leaves they tell me the position is being cut , and somehow i continue doing said duties .
me too ! it 's happened twice now . supervisor is leaving , and i 'm being groomed to take his place . i end up starting his duties , then right after he leaves they tell me the position is being cut , and somehow i continue doing said duties .
my last job i was the " assistant to the program director " or as i found out the guy that did all the work and got absolutely zero credit for successes
i got the promotion in name so i was the head of a department that consisted of only myself . 8 months later a got an employee i am responsible for who has a higher base salary than me ...
lance corporal is that you ?
gracefully bowed out of a multi generational arms race and cold war without any bloodshed ? sounds good to me . better than obama getting one for " getting elected " then proceeding to bomb the shit out of the middle east for nearly a decade .
gorbachev is also a pretty good singer : music much better than putin : in concert
gorbachev is also a pretty good singer : music much better than putin : in concert
everyone gets on reagan 's must about ending the cold war , but i think ol gorby did way more to end that peacefully .
still alive , too .
fuck him
money is green .
and facebook is zuckerberg 's because he screwed over his friend .
and facebook is zuckerberg 's because he screwed over his friend .
and a robot .
well that , and he beats up children ..
what is your shtoile ? ? ?
you hit that one on the head .
spoilers !
spoilers !
neat
dragons ? nah , mh 35e sea dragons .
damn you , that 's just too much .
there is an " i " in til .
this is n't even a ' til ' , this is a " how can i be clever and use this subreddit to try and make a point " . frequently occurs on r showerthoughts as well .
this is n't even a ' til ' , this is a " how can i be clever and use this subreddit to try and make a point " . frequently occurs on r showerthoughts as well .
such things should be reminded often .
this was not covered in either ap euro or world , so as an american i can semi confidently say this particular event is n't really talked about at all in american high school .
the more tils i see , the more i realize how ignorant most people are .
... so awakening is a prequel to covenant ? where we already know the outcome what will happen to the characters great
i just want another film about the colonial marines
i just want another film about the colonial marines
__url__ this interview is where ridley mentioned the " prometheus , awakening , covenant " order of the movies
what 's the point of awakening if i already know how it ends ? poor shaw .
just because there is a screenplay doesnt mean they will make it
" i synthesized uric acid , sold it for 25,000 and build a house from it . who is the warlock from mars , now bitch " william shatner to charlie sheen during his roast .
how can this man be 86 years old ? even botox has its limits .
how can this man be 86 years old ? even botox has its limits .
meanwhile , i 'm starting to think about selling my kidney because i 'm broke ...
william shatner strikes me as the kind of person that is good at heart , but would be awfully hard to work with , work for , or maintain a relationship on equal terms with . basically a decent guy , but a forceful personality with a strong focus , you know ?
you could take that kidney stone , and put it in a clam . after that kidney stone becomes a pearl , you could put it on a ring , and have the most beautiful and meaningful engagement ring ever .
" the question is ' is she hot ? ' not ' would you do her ? ' respect the game . "
she 's very strange looking , but also kinda hot . im a straight male , so i 'm not 100 sure , but i have a feeling that michael c . hall is also sorta strange looking , but also sorta hot . like he 's got a dope body , but he kinda has the face of a toddler .
she 's very strange looking , but also kinda hot . im a straight male , so i 'm not 100 sure , but i have a feeling that michael c . hall is also sorta strange looking , but also sorta hot . like he 's got a dope body , but he kinda has the face of a toddler .
exactly . there is something about jennifer carpenter . bear in mind a big part of the attraction could have been the character because she was more of a bad ass straight forward kind of girl that i think a lot of guys would like .
she is the friend in white chicks who thinks she looks fat in a skirt , ( in the dressing rooms ) and grabs her stomach skin and flobs it around while yelling something about looking fat
it might be because she talks out of one side of her mouth . kind of like sylvester stallone .
that 's why you always check the chamber .
figures , could n't even tell the difference between a clip and a magazine .
figures , could n't even tell the difference between a clip and a magazine .
" treat every gun as if it loaded . " the very first rule everyone is taught about guns .
that 's why you always leave a note
play stupid games ...
i find rocking chairs to be therapeutic .
now i want a rocking chair
now i want a rocking chair
" its good to have land "
i feel like some of the other things he was prescribed probably helped a lot more ...
kinda like how elvis used to give out cadillacs like they were candy .
that 's the case in almost every european country
i once had a turkish exchange student in a sociology class and we were talking about the turkish holocaust and she denied that it ever happened , she said a bunch of people moved away but never died and we had to explain to her that a holocaust happened
i once had a turkish exchange student in a sociology class and we were talking about the turkish holocaust and she denied that it ever happened , she said a bunch of people moved away but never died and we had to explain to her that a holocaust happened
but in america , holocaust denial is an opinion you 're entitled to , so let 's bring on a holocaust professor and a holocaust denier because both sides of the debate deserve equal coverage ! edit : did n't think i 'd need a " s " for this , but here we are .
it is in most of europe
can you say stalin did nothing wrong though ?
i 'd rather she not face me in a service roll anyway if you follow me .
especially on any working role .
especially on any working role .
i 'd think she services quite well .
i bet one of the jobs was at the dmv .
she was just saying what most customer support workers are already thinking .
uh ... clay is n't biodegradeable because clay is n't carbon based . it 's like saying sand is n't biodegradeable . it 's as disingenuous as saying " all cancerous tumors contain water . "
yeah being carcinogenic isnt even the part about silica dust you need to be worried about , you 'll be miserable from the scarred lungs long before the cancer gets you
yeah being carcinogenic isnt even the part about silica dust you need to be worried about , you 'll be miserable from the scarred lungs long before the cancer gets you
the only thing that article says is that it 's considered carcinogenic in california . every single fucking product under the sun falls under california 's definition of carcinogenic . most of the rest of the world is far more reasonable .
... and you should n't flush it ...
the solution is to train your cat to use the toilet .
nice .
i hate you as a person and an octopus .
i hate you as a person and an octopus .
comment of the day
do n't do this
dad . stop .
watch extended . watching brormir and faramir actually act together is amazing and makes you miss boromir instead of despising him for trying to take the ring
that was the reason why they killed him off . they told him he was pushing back the movie schedule by making them wait a few hours for him to trek up the mountain
that was the reason why they killed him off . they told him he was pushing back the movie schedule by making them wait a few hours for him to trek up the mountain
why do you think he died ? he got sick of hiking up the goddamn mountain .
and the 1st season of a series .
one of the best characters in the whole trilogy , perfectly encapsulates the flawed nature of man but also the spirit that drives us to do good . to this day , i still can n't watch his downfall with dry eyes .
" that 's the idea . it 's literally why i dug this hole . "
he 's also one of few people to have served in both world wars and korea that was n't a general officer .
he 's also one of few people to have served in both world wars and korea that was n't a general officer .
they do n't make them like that , anymore .
that thumbnail looks like jack nicholson making fun of tom cruise 's " f ggy white uniform " in a few good men .
til banana wars is the name of an actual conflict that occurred in central america
i always attributed it to the pterodactyl in barney 's medicine cabinet fucking with his meds .
wait until you find out about darin in " bewitched " .
wait until you find out about darin in " bewitched " .
really detracted from the realism imo .
barney did n't sound remotely like elmer fudd . that 's just nonsense . i do agree about the yogi bear angle , sort of . what he really sounded like at times was ed norton from the honeymooners , a direct inspiration for the show .
holy shit i remember this ! i thought i was nuts .
i feel like coke had some kind of clairvoyant . pretty sure they knew they need to keep their little brother of a competitor around to boost their own brand . god it must burn pepsi anytime a waitress says " is pepsi ok ? " , since basically no one goes for pepsi first .
" we do n't want it . coke just tastes better " coke .
" we do n't want it . coke just tastes better " coke .
i would n't buy bepis either
that 's like how blockbuster had the chance to buy netflix twice but refused , only netflix buried blockbuster 's dick in the ground .
and now pepsi as a company has more sales than coke
that or pitt vs cle
why ? did i hurt you ?
why ? did i hurt you ?
someone turned a thread around and made it about the patriots , not surprised .
" in the brady era " rofl . i mean if we 're picking out eras , from 1986 1970 the dolphins went 31 3 against the bills .
the patriots are 29 5 against the bills since 2000 .
used to be ? sense there may be a story there .
she was on my cat from hell . she was terrible on there and then i went and checked her twitter and confirmed the whole thing . genuinely awful person .
she was on my cat from hell . she was terrible on there and then i went and checked her twitter and confirmed the whole thing . genuinely awful person .
yeah it seems she chased after the guy and attacked him after the fact . it 's not the right thing to do , but it 's still a reasonable understandable thing to do .
now i 'm wondering if she was the reason she and bobby brady broke up .
i 'm pretty sure she did nothing at all and this entire bullshit is a publicist story .
all vitamins are chewable .
but sometimes a pipe is just a pipe .
but sometimes a pipe is just a pipe .
everything in the world either is , or is not , a dildo . i think you meant to say , " and , " instead of , " or . "
schro dilder 's dingo
until you insert it and the waveform collapses ?
it 's kinda hard to run for president when you 're off fighting a world war versus fascism , then come back to a country that tells you that the best cure to your ptsd is " suck it up and tell god about it . "
til : three recent presidents of the us were born in 1946 .
til : three recent presidents of the us were born in 1946 .
but they produced 11 of the 12 humans who walked on the moon ( all but alan shepard , who was born in 1923 ) .
no vietnam vet presidents either , but they had 3 losing candidates in a row .
here 's a good site for quick info on america 's generations
__url__
seriously , human rights abuses all over the place . i 'm honestly really worried that they 're becoming the next big global superpower .
seriously , human rights abuses all over the place . i 'm honestly really worried that they 're becoming the next big global superpower .
at least they did n't run them over with tanks this time .
operation trust : soviet union
chiayna ftfy
it was a show about the trivialities of mundane life and then elevating it to the absurd . the sea was angry that day , my friends , like an old man trying to send back soup in a deli .
i think we can all agree . it was a show about george .
i think we can all agree . it was a show about george .
i mean they make that apparent when jerry and george pitch the show they 're on as a show for tv . edit : they 're
the wikipedia article 's source is an ama post that jerry seinfeld did a few years ago . here 's the direct link : __url__
it was a show about newman 's plans for global domination constantly getting thwarted .
they did n't rent them they bought them . and then sold them for a profit after they finished filming .
probably also cheaper to take over an actual african village instead of hiring actors
probably also cheaper to take over an actual african village instead of hiring actors
i should tell my uncle to make a reddit account just to reply to this thread . not sure he would have much to say but he was the vfx supervisor for it ! my grandpa was talking about the intro scene every damn time my uncle popped in the city conversation !
during the bosnian war , i was told by someone that lived through it that he could purchase a hand grenade for five dollars and an ak 47 for a chicken . people vastly underestimate the sheer amount of firearms that can be had .
120 vs 300 .
sounds like the beginning of a badass biopic
hear his voice . alexander graham bell .
hear his voice . alexander graham bell .
and if you play it backwards , there 's a verse of stairway to heaven
that was recorded 132 fucking years ago . that is wildly awesome .
that is so badass . he knew that he accomplished the immortalization of sound and rolled in it . i love him now .
madrigal electromotive
you can probably piece it together though . comes with instructions .
you can probably piece it together though . comes with instructions .
hollywood accounting .
south park 's iteration of wal mart seems like a relevant reference here .
ingvar kamprad ?
fuckin ' imperialist military conspiracies , tricking me into eating healthier ... so typical .
i 've always heard carrots improve your eyesight ( which is a falsehood although the beta carotene can improve corneal health ) i never heard they could help you see in the dark . that 's a way better lie .
i 've always heard carrots improve your eyesight ( which is a falsehood although the beta carotene can improve corneal health ) i never heard they could help you see in the dark . that 's a way better lie .
i do n't know about this . i 've been eating carrots and now i can see these reposts coming from a mile away .
we know
it 's all in the purple carrots .
jay leno has one of them , which shouldnt be much of a surprise to anybody who loves cars . __url__
i 'm guessing perfume and tequila explosions had something to do with there only being 9 left .
i 'm guessing perfume and tequila explosions had something to do with there only being 9 left .
oh , the early ' 60s . that entire era was largely powered by perfume and tequila .
with a catalytic converter , it would probably be a good design to use in a hybrid that way , it 's only revving at 20k rpm when it 's charging the batteries or actually moving , rather than constantly .
turbo encabulator
some say this film launched the modern meme era with its famous line , " do not want " , which was first used on a image of a dog refusing broccoli , not a cat as many imagine .
this is what who fuck ?
this is what who fuck ?
there were so many good ones , it was hard to pick a favorite quote . i guess i 'll have to go with " you are already at full cock now " instead of you have done well , my apprentice "
friend , you are crazy !
my god i 'm crying from laughing so hard
is no one going to acknowledge the fact that he got paid 18 hr to shovel dirt in a boiler room ? in the late 80 ' s ? sign me up if they 're still giving jobs like that away
fucking hell i 'm so useless .
fucking hell i 'm so useless .
that is what greatness looks like , ugly and painful but goddamned dogged .
this movie will be awesome . hopefully it comes out in 2050 and ends with a view of our current world left in a better place by his efforts .
this made me exhausted and stressed just reading
you learned that today ? do you not read the newspaper , watch tv or listen to the radio ? or being this is reddit , basically never been any where on the internet ?
well , yeah . you have n't noticed that it 's no longer available on the shelves at the drugstore ?
well , yeah . you have n't noticed that it 's no longer available on the shelves at the drugstore ?
i can n't believe how stupid some of these tils are . this fact has been drilled into your brain in every form of media and news since moses wore short pants .
til there are people posting on reddit who were born after claritin d was moved behind the counter ...
drugs are illegal
i can tell you from personal experience that these laws are not inforced
i will n't be voting there , then .
i will n't be voting there , then .
what are the requirements to be labeled an " idiot " by the state ?
in before party a or party b jokes ?
explains why trump won all of those but new mexico !
have you tried having breasts
it 's pretty common for girls 18 to 25 in service industry to quit for just about any reason . they 'll just pop back up in another restaurant in a couple weeks .
it 's pretty common for girls 18 to 25 in service industry to quit for just about any reason . they 'll just pop back up in another restaurant in a couple weeks .
have you tried being nikki minaj
affirmative action
you need to slut it up .
i read jillette 's book god , no ! , and the parts about his family life is really compelling , eg . how late his parents had him , which led to him seeing his sister die of old age at a younger age . he 's quite a complicated person . edit speling
what you may not know is that teller 's left big toenail is always painted brown in remembrance of the time he shoved it up a reporters ass for asking the wrong question .
what you may not know is that teller 's left big toenail is always painted brown in remembrance of the time he shoved it up a reporters ass for asking the wrong question .
he 's a cool dude
yes , i saw him in a small group event where he presented a movie he was in and he explained his fingernail and i thought the story was awesome . that was a very memorable night . i love penn !
ctrl f pic
__url__
i thought not . it s not a story the jedi would tell you .
i thought not . it s not a story the jedi would tell you .
i heard it was a sick ostrich .
r unexpectedletterkenny
no no , just the ginger fucked the ostrich ! ... allegedly .
i read this as windows instead of widows initially and could n't understand why someone would be upset about this .
fucking melisandre
fucking melisandre
holy shit , are we talking about actual indians for once ? ? ?
burning witches ( i . e . non conforming women ) was n't that long ago for europe and america . i feel like all societies must be judged on their ability to learn from and correct their mistakes
an example of why just because something is a tradition does n't make it right
michelini was struck by lightning as well . twice . why did they finish the movie again ?
and he was 33 at the time of filming ( same age as jesus when he was crucified ) , and his initials are jc .
and he was 33 at the time of filming ( same age as jesus when he was crucified ) , and his initials are jc .
steve buscemi put out the resulting fire .
" jesus actor " is a really weird phrase .
shutup zeus , we 're making the movie .
holy shit i just looked this up . apparently suicide ran in his family
i believe it was the third hole of the par three course .
i believe it was the third hole of the par three course .
lol
must have been after realizing he 'd lived his whole life an asshole .
whoa , why
that is a lie , vettel does not earn that much .
vettel earning more money than a man that describes himself as floyd " money " mayweather , there is no way he is making that much .
vettel earning more money than a man that describes himself as floyd " money " mayweather , there is no way he is making that much .
there 's a saying in america : teach your kids to play baseball . look at that list .. holy shit . there 's talk that mike trout and bryce harper could be half billion dollar players when they enter free agency .
great . the only tiny objection is that it 's not true .
nope .
i have a 3 cent bill from 1863 and i always have wondered how people would react if i tried spending it . i now know that i technically can .
yeah i got one of those " silver " us dollars once with the blue ink . was all excited thinking it was worth something . looked it up yeah about 1.14 .
yeah i got one of those " silver " us dollars once with the blue ink . was all excited thinking it was worth something . looked it up yeah about 1.14 .
i always wondered about this as notes in my country are phased out every 15 20 years and new ones introduced . it was confusing to see people in movies set in present day looking for money hidden in 1900 or something as i assumed it would be worthless .
what about confederate money ?
stolen goods . stolen goods . pay . the court . a fine . or server your sentence . stop !
martin sheen was such a great pick for that character .
you arrest me for " civil disobedience " ? i just do what 's right for humanity !
you arrest me for " civil disobedience " ? i just do what 's right for humanity !
til he voiced him , god damn
i was gonna comment about the illusive man , but laughed when i saw this was top comment
so he is the illusive man ! i always found his voice so recognisable but could n't put my finger on it . you might even call it illusive .
oh fuckoff not those guys again .
nope , it 's barcelonas turn next season .
nope , it 's barcelonas turn next season .
no you 've got it wrong , we 'll get paired up after winning our first knockout stage , ro16 again
remindme ! round of 32
round of 16
there 's probably semen in there too
sodium in water ? ... why ? is that common ?
sodium in water ? ... why ? is that common ?
do you spit or swallow your dasani ?
mix it with pineapple juice to make it taste better .
dasani is the nastiest water i 've ever tasted .
outstanding
fuck he have you not been gilded ? edit : wow my first gold ! ! ! cheers ! ! !
fuck he have you not been gilded ? edit : wow my first gold ! ! ! cheers ! ! !
thriller of a joke .
having been born in michigan but lived most my life in places where it 's called soda . this has been a fun blast of memories . pop and suckers for life
bravo sir !
0h canada .
it 's worth noting that h0h is actually a quebec postal code , localized in montreal .
it 's worth noting that h0h is actually a quebec postal code , localized in montreal .
santa fe ? santa clarita ?
water and hydroperoxyl ?
can confirm . my kids always got mail back from santa , with this postal code on the envelope . one more reason to love canada .
being the goalie must 've been real boring .
the original alterac valley .
the original alterac valley .
sounds like mittens
did it end when someone caught the snitch ?
that sounds like the best game of capture the flag ever .
i wonder if prey animals ever signal to predators by indicating which of their fellows are worth eating ? imagining an impala pointing at the chain smoker impala and making the " puff puff " motion with its hoof in front of its mouth .
when your speech level is maxed ...
when your speech level is maxed ...
some of them are also observed to stick out their tongue and go " meep meep " .
o biiiitch ! you best get on my level ! o
so basically greased up deaf guy ?
she was hardly infamous ...
til : shirley temple was " infamous " .
til : shirley temple was " infamous " .
and her daughter was a bassist in the melvins !
hardly infamous , shirley temple was universally beloved .
infamous is when you 're more than famous .
power saw just in case he was buried alive . that 's some seriously good thinking from his part . i should remember that
roald dahl was a fascinating person . his autobiographies are great .
roald dahl was a fascinating person . his autobiographies are great .
i 'll always love his books . they are the reason i 'm such a good reader as an adult .
well now i know which grave i need to dig up if i lose everything and have to start over again .
if only johnny cash remembered the power saw .
basically how i looked at it . if it 's not worth calling cops over , it 's probably something i can deal with myself or should just learn to let it go .
i think i 'd rather deal with pantsless dave than virtuous gertrude most days .
i think i 'd rather deal with pantsless dave than virtuous gertrude most days .
more like a council full of them . bitter old ladies with nothing better to do than fuck with everyone else .
i have an hoa and i do n't have any issues with anyone ... am i the shitty neighbor everyone hates ?
they attract control freaks .
gretzky was basically two goats in one . he was the mvp 's mvp .
that 's crazy . i also learned this from the til 7 hours ago . __url__
that 's crazy . i also learned this from the til 7 hours ago . __url__
jagr just passed messier this season . at the age of 44 no less .
he is the great one
9 hours ago : __url__
gets better sometime around 23 24 ... hang in their friends .
which is rapidly shrinking lol
which is rapidly shrinking lol
so like three fiddy then
more like the defense budget . nasa is a drop in the bucket in comparison .
your 19 year old still says shit like that ? i thought that 's a 13 16 years old thing
he was quoting the show ..
" oh look elaine , the black and white cookie . i love the black and white . two races of flavor living side by side in harmony . it 's a wonderful thing , is n't it ? "
" oh look elaine , the black and white cookie . i love the black and white . two races of flavor living side by side in harmony . it 's a wonderful thing , is n't it ? "
chill out man , its all good . it sounds really nice that you eat with your family and friends that often .
wow that 's some racism right there .
well , a ) it was a quote from the show , so arguing the point is a bit silly , and b ) in mexico , you speak spanish , so your opinion of the social connotation surrounding the english word " meal " is n't super duper valuable in relation to what you do in mexico .
the word ( m ta ) still exists in pashto , it means destroyed .
maat means death , y'all . checkmate is " the king is dead . "
maat means death , y'all . checkmate is " the king is dead . "
interesting ... in germany it 's called " schach matt " which , i guess , is pronounced more or less the same way than the persian phrase
players would announce " sh h " when the king was in check . " m t " ( ) is a persian adjective for " at a loss " , " helpless " , or " defeated " . so the king is in mate when he is ambushed , at a loss , helpless , defeated , or abandoned to his fate .
it also corresponds to the british pub dialect " you 're a cunt , mate " , which means , literally , " nice game , buddy , how about another beer ? "
it could still happen .
i mean he got arrested but the guy would have been killed from an underground blast
i mean he got arrested but the guy would have been killed from an underground blast
trespassing in the badlands ...
the nevada test site only does subcritical testing and nuclear waste management , there has n't been a nuke detonation there since 1992 . he'da been okay .
fat boy , anyone ?
holy shit this is a til ? no wonder he gets so much shit here , most ppl here probably didnt even watch him race for lotus .
in contrast kimi won 7 races in 2005 and still lost the championship . __url__
in contrast kimi won 7 races in 2005 and still lost the championship . __url__
one of the most exceptional seasons any driver has ever had . right up there with alonso 's 2012 season and prosts 1986 season .
that 's exactly why we have the new points system . winning the championship with only one race win does n't sound right at all .
kimi 's 2003 season is very underrated . better than even his 2005 or his wdc year .
daylight come and me wanna go home ... please , i have a family , i can n't keep picking bananas without a break . can i have some water ? no ? fine ... i 'll just eat one of these bana ...
heck coke was involved in assassinations in south america and they have n't even changed names
heck coke was involved in assassinations in south america and they have n't even changed names
yeah but those guys aren t nearly as bad as banana republic . terrible slacks , man .
did n't chiquita basically overthrow a communist government to retain their south america properties ?
oh man . let 's not get started on cointelpro
he was also extremely pro us . we deposed him as a favor to the brits
the west intentionally fucking a country in the middle east up because of oil ? well i never
the west intentionally fucking a country in the middle east up because of oil ? well i never
" they hate us for our freedom ! " people unaware of history
and we wonder why they took hostages
this article written by a well informed iranian rather disagrees that mossaddegh was " liberty loving " . __url__
kinda like the nba today
ok
ok
baltimore was in the western conference and the coastal division . had the rams moved to baltimore after 1994 it 's safe to assume they would have stayed in the nfc west , leaving two baltimore nfl franchises in western divisions .
and thus the long stang feud of 9ers and cowboys was born .
more like bestern conference
i actually posted a painting depicting that on r trippinthroughtime recently
pretty understandable considering he was also the first person to discover wine . " man this juice is making me feel great ! "
pretty understandable considering he was also the first person to discover wine . " man this juice is making me feel great ! "
my dad once told me that ham 's descendants traveled to african and colonized there and that 's the origins of africa .
theres drunks in greek myths , every place had stories about drunks . the wikipedia doesnt even say hes the first drunk , lol
the father of shem , mo , and curl
eh , christianity exists because one guy believed his wife was fucked by god .
damn , imagine that conversation : " wait ... you did what ? oh no "
damn , imagine that conversation : " wait ... you did what ? oh no "
africanized honey bees exist at all because someone messed up .
african americans exist because one race fucked up
imagine how kerr must have felt when he realized his intern let the bees escape .
a man 's window is his most prized possession
r linuxmasterrace
r linuxmasterrace
same . ugh ... i should go to bed .
you are not obviously a linux fan
defenestration is a capital offence .
the british monarchy really stood with the people during the war . when they were asked to evacuate the royal princesses from london during the blitz , the queen mother said " the children will n't go without me . i will n't leave without the king , and the king will never leave . "
shes also a bloody good shot as well . she 'll fuck yo up and steal your car fam . do n't mess with the monarchy !
shes also a bloody good shot as well . she 'll fuck yo up and steal your car fam . do n't mess with the monarchy !
military service for british royals is a tradition that goes back over 1,000 years ... especially in times of war .
archive footage of her doing just that while mum and dad visit and here she is much later tearing it up in a land rover this is why queen lizzie two is best queen .
i heard if you bring her your car for an inspection she tries to upsell you tires and brakes .
who in turn , took their name from a dildo
and chevy chase was kicked out steely dan for being an asshole .
and chevy chase was kicked out steely dan for being an asshole .
so this means " the beast " was obviously a vagina being penetrated by multiple dildos . til indeed .
man , come on i had a rough night , and i hate the fucking eagles , man .
huh . and i always thought it was a metaphor for the land of the lotus eaters .
oh no
laughing in background
laughing in background
we should open a thread , just for comments like these ! wilcom 2 hytraulikprezzchannel
it 'd be fine . they 're very squishy
permanently ...
i 'll thank you not to refer to princeton that way .
til that steve o is classically trained
til that steve o is classically trained
i attended college with him for a bit when he went to u of miami . dude used to do back flips in the bar and blow fire mid flip . he was legit . we called him a jukebox that ran on drugs . glad to see he 's dinner these days .
that 's it ! you people have stood in my way long enough ! i 'm going to clown college ! edit : this is a simpsons reference .
johnny knoxville said steve o could never make it as a clown because he looked scary and creepy as fuck in clown makeup . i could see that . source : professional idiot .
... and it 's still the ass end of nowhere to this day .
denver was part of texas , and we want it back .
denver was part of texas , and we want it back .
there is also a place called " boise " in that panhandle despite there being another place called boise a mere two states away in idaho ..
also to keep colorado from having to touch texas .
" the dust bowl contributed significantly to the depression . " i 'd like to know more .
this makes me so sad .
and a lot ended up in charity shops , so many that some built walls out of the books .
and a lot ended up in charity shops , so many that some built walls out of the books .
is it because people need to buy multiple copies because the pages get sticky ?
meanwhile the uk is restricting visual porn wtf world ! wtf .
whyyyyyyyy though , it 's not even that fucking good . god damn .
yeah my mum was pissed off with me when i signed up a ' hotmail ' account for little brother .
hotmess.com damn no one is using that ...
hotmess.com damn no one is using that ...
i remember when i had a hotmail . my dad asked my why i had a hotmail because he " knows what it is ... " apparently he thought it was a perverted thing ? ?
i always spell out m a i l , because i 'm hilarious and creepy !
not to non english kids , especially not before the internet was this connected between countries ( think facebook , reddit ) . i can tell you that , lol . never made the hot male or html connection before . maybe html though now i think of it
but you 'd die as a champion
i 'd fuck the regret out of that .
i 'd fuck the regret out of that .
slightly less so if you had lost that fight , however .
what kind of pms do you get ? food or something stranger ?
i 'd regret i did n't bring a knife .
13 year old me is really disappointed in the email address i chose . could have had firstname.lastname instead of whatever edgy name i chose .
i am disappointed i can n't go and find when i registered mine . not sure if it was year 0 , but it has to be close . definitely 1998 or sooner
i am disappointed i can n't go and find when i registered mine . not sure if it was year 0 , but it has to be close . definitely 1998 or sooner
me too , i did n't get a prize
i still have a 4 letter handle
you are not alone here . i was accessing the internet through aol on a 9600 baud modem .
i send emails to myself to check to see if shit 's going through sometimes .
maybe he just felt like talking to himself .
maybe he just felt like talking to himself .
he shoulda just pinged 127.0 . 0.1
i send myself cards sometimes too .. but i 'm lonely
spoiler alert : not well
david davis , a chief negotiator who looks like he 'd end up paying full price on a dfs sofa frankie boyle
i do n't know what success if is for brexit .
i do n't know what success if is for brexit .
almost half ? so say about 48 maybe ? shocking !
" the other half consider anything but revoking a50 a success " polls probably
would that be the almost half that voted to remain maybe ?
yeah it 's that . not the fact that he was an unsung genius . we love tesla because he was a virgin s
eh , 4 10 troll job . you 're a bit obvious , no one alive has any considerable amount of salt towards tesla .
eh , 4 10 troll job . you 're a bit obvious , no one alive has any considerable amount of salt towards tesla .
do you see how that dude looks ? doubt he died a virgin .
newton died a virgin too . but your pathetic gay ass would n't be where you are without him .
lol
" this shit is a horror flick , but the black guy does n't die in this movie . " lotto 8 mile
planet money did a great podcast about blumhouse productions and how they 're cleaning up with low micro budget films . it 's a great episode !
planet money did a great podcast about blumhouse productions and how they 're cleaning up with low micro budget films . it 's a great episode !
and it did n't even have superheroes in it
as far as horror films go , this one is decent in my opinion . the dialogue seemed pretty spot on , besides the beginning when the guy was talking to himself .
it was a very good movie . people should make more of those !
on my next vacation to nk i 'm going to ask about this .
his real name was armin tamzarian .
his real name was armin tamzarian .
i love how if you search his images on google , then his son 's and then his grandson 's , the first ones you find of each one of them progressively go from smiling to dead stare , so to speak .
you are now banned from r pyongyang
propaganda works both ways
no one outsmart boolet
stupid science bitch could n't make my friend more smarter
stupid science bitch could n't make my friend more smarter
because he was assassinated by charles guiteau
did you ever hear the tragedy or james garfield ?
he was too good for this world , so he decided to live in another one simultaneously .
" normies ! reeeeeeee " paul revere , probably
til that jack black was paul revere
til that jack black was paul revere
when i was a kid i always heard it as " the red coats are coming " when did the british mistake come in ? i was born in 1982 so i guess it 's fairly recent
he also was not shouting . there were redcoats loyalists everywhere and his mission depended on secrecy . which he screwed up , because he was arrested a few miles in . also by the end there was probably about 40 " riders " that night carrying the warning .
filthy casuals are coming !
he made about 6 million in today 's currency by selling technology and getting monthly payments , but eventually stopped selling or doing business , so he just lived off of that until he died . by the time he passed away , he had used up that money .
a lot of that due to the fact that his lab was burned down with all his research and notes . he did n't really recover from that
a lot of that due to the fact that his lab was burned down with all his research and notes . he did n't really recover from that
did n't he have a pigeon he was in love with ?
only because he tore up his patent that would have bankrupted george westinghouse , who was the only employer who was fair and never cheated him . westinghouse covered his room and board until he died .
what does that even mean , you 're supporting edison ... ?
now you gotta remove the safety
if you 're eating matches , maybe that 's natural selection ...
if you 're eating matches , maybe that 's natural selection ...
what kind of non safety matches were these and where can i get some now ?
now that 's what i call gettin ' lit
lol . when i was younger i used to suck on the head of match sticks . it tasted salty and sweet to my younger self .
i 'm convinced the path confuses us on purpose . but ya , it 's great on the winter especially if the ttc is down , or too crowded . i take it from union to dundas every day .
the maps they have everywhere would be helpful . or use your phone .
the maps they have everywhere would be helpful . or use your phone .
yeah , those whole couple of nights where it gets to 30 with windchill . to be fair though , i 'll take a dry 30 in whitehorse over a damp 12 in toronto .
fortunately it 's almost never 30c in toronto . hell , it rarely gets below 20c most winters , and even then only a handful of times . 2013 14 was pretty cold though , and the winter after was pretty chilly too .
same here . lived in toronto all my life and the path is confusing .
the finale was excellent .
the finale was the final episode .
the finale was the final episode .
the finale was terrible .
the finale happened
the finale was real , and spectacular .
be a nazi like a boss
that goofy russel brand gave a very funny but cutting lesson on this at the hugo boss awards dinner .
that goofy russel brand gave a very funny but cutting lesson on this at the hugo boss awards dinner .
here in israel i see someone wearing a hugo boss shirt and a kippah at least once a day . always gives me an internal chuckle .
got that nazi swag !
hugo boss with black model and jewish customers ... nice
i know when i chop up my oreo , roll a crisp 20 , and snort that fat dark brown line of cookie , i am totally hooked .
the wiki leads to nypost nypost points to fauxnews fauxnews links to the original connecticut college article which is since 404 ' d and cannot be found always check your sources
the wiki leads to nypost nypost points to fauxnews fauxnews links to the original connecticut college article which is since 404 ' d and cannot be found always check your sources
i 've never called a guy who knows a guy at four in the morning for some damn oreos .
there is no way . i can eat about 5 oreos ( and they 're fucking delicious ) , and then my brain just starts to despise oreos . i cannot stand them anymore .
insert bob saget half baked clip
also , the director chose to do actual animal sacrifice for the animal sacrifice scenes . he had his actor kill a monkey , decided he did n't like the shot , so he shot it again with a new monkey .
i found this movie cheesy and lame . i was so excited when i heard about how gruesome it was , turned out to be boring and a waste of time .
i found this movie cheesy and lame . i was so excited when i heard about how gruesome it was , turned out to be boring and a waste of time .
watched this with my older brother when i was 11 . fucking traumatising .
according to director ruggerio deodato , cannibal holocaust is the best cannibal movie ever made . " i should know " deodato added " i directed all of the cannibal movies . " deodato also did a cameo as " the cannibal " in hostel ii .
jesus christ , so much penis in that movie :
totally not his intention .
it took me longer than i care to admit to figure out how he could get away with that .
it took me longer than i care to admit to figure out how he could get away with that .
i guess ringo really was n't the best drummer in the beatles .
how is it that not one realized that the track listing didnt contain a single beatles song ?
after a brief once over of the guy 's wiki i hope it was commercially successful and that fact really annoyed harrison , mccartney and lennon .
plus if we would see straight dogs , we would report it to the authorities , and notify the local hunter . stray animals , no matter the kind , are not something that is accepted in germany .
our family dog was a stray , but i 've never seen a stray dog either .
our family dog was a stray , but i 've never seen a stray dog either .
foxes are the new stray dogs !
ive never even seen a dog in germany ! i 've also never been to germany .
once ! scared the shit out of me ... never scared me that much abroad ... interesting to think about ...
2005 is older than you think .
i mean last time i used a floppy disc was around 2010 to fix a boot error that occurred on my specific hard drive and windows that a cd could n't be used to fix . so it has it 's purposes .
i mean last time i used a floppy disc was around 2010 to fix a boot error that occurred on my specific hard drive and windows that a cd could n't be used to fix . so it has it 's purposes .
were you 12 then or something ?
i did . if my windows 95 could handle quake , it could handle a floppy .
the president of a church council in kansas ? i 'd guess that most churches are n't exactly keeping current with the latest and greatest technology .
you must gather your party before venturing forth
consider it done
consider it done
squeak ! squeak !
heh my friends from grande prairie alberta all left to work on bg . it was pretty much the entire computer science class that year off to join these cool doctors at bioware ( whatever that was heh )
you dare speak to boo ?
it really is great . better than the first by a mile . i can still hear the clicks on the character portrait today .
me too !
me too !
the expansion to 2 takes the cake imo . throne of bhaal ftw .
loved that game . it 's what got me hooked on pc gaming and rpgs . at some point i received a castle and my brother did n't . he was super disappointed ... this concept that totally different things could happen blew my mind .
if i were to play these for the first time should i play the original first or jump straight into the sequel ?
the snes had a variety of cartridges with an fx chip , which was heavily advertised any time one of those game was released . star fox , fx racing , and killer instinct are the games i recall .
mega man x , x2 , and x3 , for wire framing among other complex math . super mario world 2 for acid tripping . donkey kong country for pre rendered 3d .
mega man x , x2 , and x3 , for wire framing among other complex math . super mario world 2 for acid tripping . donkey kong country for pre rendered 3d .
if i 'm not mistaken , donkey kong 64 did because the console would crash instantly without them
it 's hard to compile an exhaustive list , because there are so many examples . some games had chips for video effects , others had sound chips , battery backups , etc ...
starfox and kiby tilt and tumble come to mind .
the area of manhattan is 2.2 billion litres per inch .
the island of manhattan is 53.13 times smaller than the state of rhode island .
the island of manhattan is 53.13 times smaller than the state of rhode island .
that info is in op 's link
relevant simpsons clip
" that 's as big as 600 mcg 's ! " infographics in australia .
ah , the good old " hollywood accounting " .
somebody screwed up then , because hollywood accounting normally prevents any profit from being made .
somebody screwed up then , because hollywood accounting normally prevents any profit from being made .
my favorite hollywood accounting is that they charge the film interest on their production budget that they pay to themselves
that 's why you always want a piece of the gross .
i am surprised it made a profit at all . most movies do n't regardless of box office .
no ...
it appears they are missing their mouth .
it appears they are missing their mouth .
and i must scream
hope it 's not missing
no but i have dasani
macron , is that you ?
does everyone like children ? no . does everyone like young adults ? basically , yes . you re the weirdo .
does everyone like children ? no . does everyone like young adults ? basically , yes . you re the weirdo .
ha ! i 'm 51 and can tell you sex with women over 50 is damn good . there is also a pretty common phase the women who get divorced at 50ish will get a lot of 28 year old guys wanting to fuck them . most that i know oblige for a bit before moving on to their own age group .
it is n't that mystifying that youth would be idealized by some , versus what people consider to be over the hill in terms of physical activity later in life .
ben franklin'ing over here , eh ?
well it would probably be called rema in latin .
we 'd have remans then ...
we 'd have remans then ...
check out christopher stasheff 's rhyming wizard novels . in that dimension , it was called reme .
but then we 'd have the remen colosseum , home of vicious gay orgies , sometimes to the death .
who 's rem ?
he made the right choice .
too bad he does n't make good choices like that anymore . the last die hard was a complete mess . now he 's starring in the worst b movie action thriller movies ever .
too bad he does n't make good choices like that anymore . the last die hard was a complete mess . now he 's starring in the worst b movie action thriller movies ever .
there is a film called red wolf from the same year that die hard with a vengeance came out and it is basically die hard on a cruise ship . i would have been interesting to see bruce willis fight terrorists on a cruise ship , but red wolf makes up for that .
thank god . die hard iii is one of my favorite action movies .
i thought die hard with a vengeance was originally scripted for lethal weapon ?
shhh . blucifer protects that portion of their network . you would n't want to piss him off .
did n't usajobs.gov have a job posting for denver international airport that required a top secret security clearance ?
did n't usajobs.gov have a job posting for denver international airport that required a top secret security clearance ?
it 's an alien base
and a secret illuminati train station under the secret illuminati base under the airport .
someone once told me something that made a lot of sense . would n't an airport be a prime target during some kind of " new world order " upheaval ? might not be the greatest place to hide your secret base .
for real , those likely drunken and certainly foolish people that did this spat in the face of his legacy and everything he stood for .
my thoughts exactly , the man dedicated his life to preserving wildlife and some cunts went and killed wildlife in his honour ? he would have been mortified .
my thoughts exactly , the man dedicated his life to preserving wildlife and some cunts went and killed wildlife in his honour ? he would have been mortified .
as if people actually cared about that , the people that do this do n't give a crap about what he stood for or what he believed in , they only cared that they lost their entertaining guy from the tv .
yeah , but they " did it for irwin . die you bloody cunts . take yer stinger up yer own arse ! " at least that 's how i imagined it went down .
not only that , where they trying to teach them a lesson or something ? that 's the dumbest thing i 've read this week
my girlfriend recently mentioned this to me while we were watching through 30 rock again . pay attention to pete i m now thoroughly convinced that he is the glue that holds that show together .
thats seriously my story as an employee .
thats seriously my story as an employee .
pete isnt underrated . he just gets butchered as a character somewhere along s4 and doesnt get his own storylines again .
yessssssss hornberger !
opposite of the dilbert principle funnily enough . __url__
cats did n't bomb pearl harbor .
here is what the tank looked like : __url__ and the abused cat : __url__
here is what the tank looked like : __url__ and the abused cat : __url__
last i checked , cats did n't create unit 731
fewer
well no shit , it happened during in the middle of world war ii , especially it did n't help the fact japan bombed pearl harbor and bringing the united states to war to begin with , not to mention the torture of american pows .
" i vill mess vis physics . " edit : i 'd thank you all for the upvotes , but i do n't give a fuuuck .
quantum blackjack : the cards are both particle and wave , which makes the job of the dealer a bit trickier . also , counting the cards changes the deck .
quantum blackjack : the cards are both particle and wave , which makes the job of the dealer a bit trickier . also , counting the cards changes the deck .
deal me in .
blackantum mechanijacks . a very important field in the future .
you forgot hookers , and who needs the blackjack
sadly a lot of hardcore communists today decry those numbers as well as the holodomor as " nazi propaganda " it makes it hard to exist in many far left spaces as a ukrainian man
and people still want fascism . there 's people in this thread arguing for an elite class to rule over us and decide if we can live and die . they want a health insurance company to decide if you are worthy of living .
and people still want fascism . there 's people in this thread arguing for an elite class to rule over us and decide if we can live and die . they want a health insurance company to decide if you are worthy of living .
incoming comments oversimplifying to " communism is evil " in 3 2 1 ...
is this the record ?
but but but communism socialism works ! ! ! 1 ! 111 ! 11 ! 1 ! ! 1eleven ! 1 ! ! 1 ! 1 ! 1 ! 1111 ! ! !
i like the language used here : " misattributed paternity " very euphemistic .
um , does that mean monarchy of britain technically has no legitimacy ?
um , does that mean monarchy of britain technically has no legitimacy ?
everyone knows edward ii was gay as hell . his wife had numerous beaus , one of whose sons later becoming edward iii . the english geneology is very f'ked up .
based on the thumbnail maybe they should test weird al .
and the lesson , ladies , is that it does n't matter if it 's five of five hundred years , you fool around , you will eventually get caught .
sorry to break this to you , but you are still going to die .
you do n't need acid to come to grips with the fact that you 're going to die .
you do n't need acid to come to grips with the fact that you 're going to die .
that happened to me on mushrooms . you put it very well .
i had an acid trip where i passed out and went through an out of body experience where i experienced death and what happens after . i 'm definitely much less afraid of death now . the only thing that scares me about it now is leaving the people i love behind on this earth .
stoop
that was a perfect run and it still gave me anxiety and i hated it .
so that 's where the idea for the flying challenges in just cause 3 came from ...
so that 's where the idea for the flying challenges in just cause 3 came from ...
you have to wonder what kind of meeting there was before deciding to take the worst part of spyro the dragon and an expensive license , and mash them together into their own game . i suspect it involved cocaine .
does this game even need a video walkthrough ?
that needs a nsfl tag .
it 's advertised as higher but i 've never gotten any better than that even with their modems and my own . not sure why tbh not like i can ask them it takes hours to get off the initial hold sometimes .
to be fair 20 usd probably goes a hell of a lot farther where you live .
to be fair 20 usd probably goes a hell of a lot farther where you live .
no , it 's comcast . s
damn thats cheap i spend 200 for cable 50mb internet with a 100gb cap
i 've got a " great " considering my area near a major city in the midwest us , 60 5 for 70 a month , though after a year it 'll jump to 110 ... which is still 20 less than the next best competitor who only offers 18 1 for 125 at my house . with a 200gb cap
what was boris doing in politics anyway ? this is a true rock star story . the only thing missing is mick jagger and a couple of hookers .
almost the american dream . they did say he was still wearing his underwear , and there was no mention of a blunt or high class call girl .
almost the american dream . they did say he was still wearing his underwear , and there was no mention of a blunt or high class call girl .
yeltsin could n't handle his freedom .
what true american patriot has n't been in this situation ?
yeah this is the citizenship test right ? i do n't i was born here so i can only assume
amazingly , every guns n roses band member from appetite for destruction is still alive .
it was not tuned properly for him when he went on stage , so during his first show with it , the device kept shocking his heart .
it was not tuned properly for him when he went on stage , so during his first show with it , the device kept shocking his heart .
i remember when i thought slash was real
slash is also technically part of the " 27 club . " his infamous overdose in a san francisco hotel where he was dead for several minutes took place at the age of 27 .
i still cannot get past the fact that he 's from stoke on trent . the most drab , dismal , grey shithole on the planet ... outside of lancashire .
you got that backwards . you know the guy that crashed already learned from that mistake . you gonna take a chance on someone who has n't learned that expensive lesson yet ?
:d
:d
to be fair , that would also be the answer if he said yes .
or he has , but he 's been in the navy longer than the guy who has n't .
not so fast . what about stationary objects .
go away , batin ' !
maybe op is 14 years old ?
maybe op is 14 years old ?
yeah i 'm pretty sure the reichstag fire is common knowledge
baiting for what ? i discussion about how shitty hitler was ?
i just learned of it from this post .
i do like the anti spill factor though .
nah frank did invent rum ham though .
nah frank did invent rum ham though .
he did , which was to bang your aunt donna . he did n't know how many years on earth he had left , so he was going to get really weird with it . meanwhile , block the wind , i 'm going to roast this bone .
i knew this would be a top comment .
he 's a smart man that 's not why we 're here .
til that the von trapp family was n't a bunch of entirely fictional characters created for the movie ! o o
they then came to america and opened a lodge in vermont , that 's still open ! the von trapp family lodge . my mom went there this spring !
they then came to america and opened a lodge in vermont , that 's still open ! the von trapp family lodge . my mom went there this spring !
i work with a 4th generation von trapp and he said maria was a pretty nasty lady . she actively opposed the von trapp kids getting married because it would ruin the family singing group and she sold their story to rogers and hammerstein for a whopping 1000 .
they 're doing ok in vermont .
the family runs a cross country ski lodge with a great brewery that makes bavarian style beers . pretty awesome stuff . check it out : __url__
was redknapp at spurs when they finished in the top 4 that year ?
shakey looks like he 'll get leicester above us so there 's that .
shakey looks like he 'll get leicester above us so there 's that .
til pulis is welsh
redknapp
strangely enough , wenger was the first manager from outside the uk to win a league title .
sounds like more of an escort to me .
i 'm a capricorn , so i do n't believe in astrology .
i 'm a capricorn , so i do n't believe in astrology .
bloody libratards
you 're so may june .
omg how did you know ? !
damn . they 'll probably phase it out of europe soon
it feels weird signing for credit card transactions when visiting the us . here i pretty much just tap my phone for everything and that 's that . i never use cash at all .
it feels weird signing for credit card transactions when visiting the us . here i pretty much just tap my phone for everything and that 's that . i never use cash at all .
i heard about this thing called the metric system one time . i wonder how long it will take for the us to adopt that .
yeah , i went to england a few years ago , and everyone had chips . one kid at a market at the register thought my card was super advanced because i was american and it did n't have a chip .
chip and pin ? what about fish and cushion ?
tetzel was n't just any indulgence salesman , he is the one who made luther so mad through his sales , that luther felt compelled to write his 95 theses .
til that indulgence sales was a thing . human capacity for gullibility is surpassed matched only by human capacity to exploit it . edit : someone suggested better words
til that indulgence sales was a thing . human capacity for gullibility is surpassed matched only by human capacity to exploit it . edit : someone suggested better words
it 's the pre reformation equivalent of selling an item to an npc vendor and then killing them for it . " what did you learn ... ? "
when the thaler in the box rings , the tortured soul from pergatory springs .
this sounds like something a redditor would do once it dawned on them , just to show off their loophole awareness .
according to the title gore til that gets reposted every now and then , his " pancreas levels were high . "
no disrespect to ashton , but that kind of makes his awful portrayal of jobs even more hilarious . you could tell the dude was trying so hard and that he thought it would be his magnum opus , but the film was just straight garbage and pretty cringe worthy .
no disrespect to ashton , but that kind of makes his awful portrayal of jobs even more hilarious . you could tell the dude was trying so hard and that he thought it would be his magnum opus , but the film was just straight garbage and pretty cringe worthy .
i 've done a few google searches that a fruit diet is linked to pancreatitis , but i could n't find anything but a blog entry with no medical sources . do you think you could find your source or something similar ?
why tho ?
not a fruitarian or even a vegetarian , but i eat a ton of fruits . is that bad for my pancreas in and of itself , or is that only because of some kind of deficiencies from eating only fruit ?
the other italians are ancelotti ( 09 10 ) , mancini ( 11 12 ) and ranieri ( 15 16 ) . 2 scots have won it ( ferguson 13 times , and dalglish in 94 95 ) . wenger ( french ) and mourinho ( portuguese ) have both won it 3 times with pellegrini ( chilean ) rounding off the list .
also no english manager in the top 8 . wonder who was the last english pl manager to finish in the top 4 ?
also no english manager in the top 8 . wonder who was the last english pl manager to finish in the top 4 ?
i mean it 's not that surprising considering the league is only 25 years old and most of them have been won by one scottish man .
never been won by an english manager ? ? wow they 're quite an incapable bunch are n't they .
ferguson won more titles than all the other managers combined . wow .
loose hips sink ships .
ha ! got emmmm
ha ! got emmmm
nailed it .
the point got hammered home when the ship came apart .
they got booty .
they were married for 70 years . holy shit .
they had a good run together , what more can you ask for ?
they had a good run together , what more can you ask for ?
press f for respects
how did n't you believe him ? it was on worldnews , news , marvel front page since this morning ? p . s , not trying to be a jackass , just attempting at humour , i hear it 's something u huumans do
press f to pay respect f
obviously god orbits on the other side of the earth , morons .
nowadays he 'd be a neckbeard mod on r atheism .
nowadays he 'd be a neckbeard mod on r atheism .
i mean , he was n't wrong .
" god had gagarin die in a plane crash . there 's no more gagarin . "
" the earth was blue , but there was no god . " i first heard that in metal gear making reference to gagarin 's flight . never knew if it was an actual quote or not .
but by gawd was season 4 awesome .
lol every time dexter is mentioned
lol every time dexter is mentioned
and thus begins the " dae dexter sucked after trinity ? ! 1 ! 1 ? 3 " circlejerk
season 5 was n't that bad . you can n't end a show with rita 's death and it showed how dexter was continuing without her as a single father . the rest was trash .
i liked season 5
with fava beans and a nice chianti .
they 've been known to pursue whale calves for days to only to eat their tongue .
they 've been known to pursue whale calves for days to only to eat their tongue .
the more i read about whales in general , the more i feel like they are the primates of the sea . they are just so much smarter than people give them credit . fish are dumb , whales are highly advanced mammals .
i love the specific about it being 1997 ..
note that the liver of a great white shark makes up about 30 of its weight . " only its liver " is a bit off .
this whole time i thought i was just uncoordinated and had bad depth perception
only alberta . that 's like saying " is banned in the usa " when it 's banned in arkansas
only alberta . that 's like saying " is banned in the usa " when it 's banned in arkansas
we have a local pizza joint called more than pizza , and they have one of these games setup in the store . the owner sets the machine to the strongest grip setting because he likes to see kids happy when they win which is just about always . seriously a rad dude .
not in all of canada but i did just learn why i get 3 tries on one payment for the claw machine :)
they can be remotely controlled via a hand held device . in that case , they should be hackable .
anyone remember the thread where they dug through ancient roman graffiti and it was exactly like 4chan ?
i will go down with this ship and i will n't put my hands up and surrender .
i will go down with this ship and i will n't put my hands up and surrender .
it 's an ancient evil that just changes form .
the hacker four chan ?
what was will be . what will be was .
el yucateco or bust , that sauce is delicious
which one do you fuck with ? kutbil ik is bomb .
which one do you fuck with ? kutbil ik is bomb .
their caribbean style habanero sauce is so good with scrambled eggs ( among other foods ) , i love it . the regular red habanero sauce is pretty good too , though .
el yucateco black label reserve ! once you go black ...
the only hot sauce
the internet is simply amazing . it 's unbelievable that i could read a post about someone and then that person replies directly in it .
you walked right by me . i was coming down from 55 .
you walked right by me . i was coming down from 55 .
thank you for all your hard work and sharing your story with us and the public .
thanks for clarifying things michael ! all the best in your endeavors
thank you for sharing your story . you 're an inspiration to many people and the technology you were discussing sounds amazing . i 'll be doing some research .
so slave parts went into washington and jefferson parts went into slaves . got it .
so they were in dentured servants ?
so they were in dentured servants ?
the oatmeal ?
and then he chomped down a cherry tree .
and animals , some of the teeth came from animals
but really i do n't give a f u c k
no fun allowed guys , reddit is serious business
no fun allowed guys , reddit is serious business

sheonadietwhileherpocketseatincheesecake
you 're new here , are n't ya
hi all . pro life tip , do n't watch the video .
and then the station he worked for was sued because he was supposedly in the way of people escaping and did not do enough to help them .
and then the station he worked for was sued because he was supposedly in the way of people escaping and did not do enough to help them .
probably one of the most horrifying videos out there .
explains why he was so quick to react and was able to get out so quick when the fire started .
he was also only doing a segment on nightclub safety because 3 days earlier 21 people had died at the e2 nightclub in chicago because of a stampede .
bob marley died from lack of faith in modern medicine .
he refused to have his toe amputated , because he did n't want to lose his ability to play soccer .
he refused to have his toe amputated , because he did n't want to lose his ability to play soccer .
have a doctor in the family who misdiagnosed melanoma under the toenail . apparently many cases can look like toenail fungus . the patient died a terrible death .
as a hypochondriac now i have something new to worry about . one reason i never watched house md .
i literally ( yes literally ) just came back from the doctors a few hours ago , and got diagnosed with longitudal melanoma in my toe , thankfully it 's not in my skin
i do n't like it . but that 's just my opinion .
i think the ui and mechanics are just good enough to keep frustration at bay . i personally like to play og vanilla unmodded , but there are lots of mods and tweak programs you can get to improve things , if you want .
i think the ui and mechanics are just good enough to keep frustration at bay . i personally like to play og vanilla unmodded , but there are lots of mods and tweak programs you can get to improve things , if you want .
i played 1 and 2 enhanced editions a couple years ago for the first time . it holds up great and is well worth playing .
if you have n't played 2nd edition dnd then you should n't play it . no where in the game do they explain it 's rules
my family has one of the box sets with baldur 's gate and icewind dale i think we got it for all of 10 . i have n't played all of the games , but i found them pretty fun , and the storylines were engaging .
i would be very interested in rhcp doing acoustic primus covers . i 'm not sure flea has the chops to do justice to claypool 's compositions , but he 's a great performer and musician and i 'm sure he 'd rock it out somehow .
i forget who this was about but one of the funniest music reviews i 've ever read was " it sounded like someone pressed the ' record ' button immediately before crashing a glass panel truck into a chicken coop . "
i forget who this was about but one of the funniest music reviews i 've ever read was " it sounded like someone pressed the ' record ' button immediately before crashing a glass panel truck into a chicken coop . "
i am the table
is n't it actually a lou reed album with metallica as a " backing act " ?
this album was so bad i had it removed from my itunes account after paying for it ( no credit ) just so that it would n't show up and be accidentally downloaded again .
i personally prefer star war : the backstroke of the west .
the russian movies called him garry potter . " you 're a wizard , garry " " welcome to hogwarts , garry ! "
the russian movies called him garry potter . " you 're a wizard , garry " " welcome to hogwarts , garry ! "
happy hours do go fast .
there is no nope for the melons .
professor jumblidoe .
well , ozzy , was always very straight forward with his message , but wrap your minds around this ...
and chicago .
and chicago .
as referenced in bloodhound gang lift your head up high
! zziw eseehc stae natas
if that worked do n't they know songs would be full of advertising ffs ...
stupid science bitches .
every profession is .
every profession is .
same problem here in the tech world . pedants , egomaniacs , narcissists , and stuck up bitches ( gender be damned of course ) , we got ' em all .
there 's some great saying that academic battles are the most vicious because the stakes are so low .
just because you are not accepted into a group , does n't mean you are wrong . it just means they do n't like you .
dispatch : " day 3 . progress is good . we are pleased to report that we have successfully defeated a menacing dragon made of bread with clever application spring loaded candlesticks . lost two men to a marmalade golem and another man to a ten foot horse . "
the first day might have been an accident ...
the first day might have been an accident ...
i 'm willing to bet they knew what they were doing .
sticky icky jimsomweed
gotta boil em , good to know )
things are cheap now i guess .
i still replace the washers . my kitchen faucet is at least 15 years old .
i still replace the washers . my kitchen faucet is at least 15 years old .
i thought those single lever faucets do n't have an easily serviceable washer these days . they last a very long time though .
i was thinking about getting a new cartridge for my old delta faucet , went to home depot , and there was a faucet for 35 bucks . sold . to be fair its a piece of shit , but it looks way less beat up than the old one . for now .
my faucet was leaking . looked it up and it was a home depot brand one . called up their 1 800 number and they sent me replacement ones for free .
i think i m keeping sturgis . while that was an amazing kick and a great moment for elliot , sturgis has overall been more reliable in my opinion although we have a much smaller sample size for elliot .
he s on ir so out at the very least 6 more weeks
he s on ir so out at the very least 6 more weeks
keep elliot . he 's much younger and good enough . should improve and could be kicker for 10 years .
the beauty of it is that sturges is still on ir so we can pay him for the end of the year and try this new guy out and decide in camp .
kicking competition every week . sturgis has been reliable .
dipshit ( wa )
__url__
__url__
that is still one of the funniest videos on the internet .
open the country . stop having it be closed
the sun is a deadly lazer
they did n't do this in newark this past july .
interesting that some are saying they did n't play it , i 've seen maiden about 7 or 8 times starting in the early 90s and most recently a few months ago , every show i 've been at it 's been played .
interesting that some are saying they did n't play it , i 've seen maiden about 7 or 8 times starting in the early 90s and most recently a few months ago , every show i 've been at it 's been played .
can you think of a better song to get a bunch of rowdy bastards to settle down and calmly file out of a stadium as friends ?
flogging molly does this too
i saw maiden perform around six or seven times between 1998 and 2010 , and i can confirm that they do this after every show ( or , at least they used to ) .
time was n't wrong . " influential " does n't preclude fucking evil .
you think that 's bad , check out the ugly motherfucker who won in 2006 .
you think that 's bad , check out the ugly motherfucker who won in 2006 .
for the person who for better or worse had the most influence .
they should have named hitler " man of the century . "
are we talking about evil hitler or good hitler ?
i watched a documentary about it . a lot of the people on set were pretty sure they fucked .
because the did ... at least according to multiple people an hinted at by christie
because the did ... at least according to multiple people an hinted at by christie
is there actually any woman alive that warren beatty has dated ?
they totally fucked , and beatty was shagging everything that move d too , so he can stfu .
that is one of my absolute favorite movies ! it really was quite a realistic love scene lol .
so he wasnt buried . his ashed got spread out
til : sprinkled buried
til : sprinkled buried
so a photo of the earth without the moon does n't contain every human that has ever existed ?
so there is some corner of another world that is forever mankind .
partially sprinkled on the moon
but from my point of view the jedi are evil .
well i would n't say everyo ... oh you !
well i would n't say everyo ... oh you !
" only sith deal in absolutes ! " obi wan kenobi , making the most hypocritical statement of his life .
yeah ! fuck those guys !
only a sith deals in absolutes
in bg2 you can pickpocket kangaxx while he 's blue for a ring of gaxx and then kill him for a second one .
i 'd feel bad killing drizzt , would have been cool if he could join the party instead ( can n't remember if he could ? )
i 'd feel bad killing drizzt , would have been cool if he could join the party instead ( can n't remember if he could ? )
almost impossible to kill . i just pick pocketed him .
i read the books as a kid . i could never bring myself to kill drizzt .
this like 20 years later and i 'm just finding out this is possible .
this is referring specifically to hobos . this is different than a homeless person . hobos typically have chosen a transient life style .
i saw references of this on archer mad men , but i did n't know they were so thorough
i saw references of this on archer mad men , but i did n't know they were so thorough
i feel like do n't be a stupid drunk should be on most ethical codes .
it 's the hobo way . apple pie !
does n't the first one beat the purpose of having a code in the first place ... 1 . decide your own life , do n't let another person run or rule you .
i feel old that this is on til
i miss those things . bonus til : the old after dark screen saver was recreated in css and runs flawlessly in a browser window ! full screen it and feel like you to are in 1993 . __url__
i miss those things . bonus til : the old after dark screen saver was recreated in css and runs flawlessly in a browser window ! full screen it and feel like you to are in 1993 . __url__
it was also an awesome tv show on techtv back in the day . i miss the ultimate gaming rig they did every few years .
get off my lawn !
which is why people who call wallpaper a screensaver are fucking retards .
existence is pain
these comments are terrifying !
these comments are terrifying !
my 16 year old son had colic . he is still super cranky most days . i anticipate him shouting at kids to get off his lawn in the future .
i think my boss has it .
every day something shows up that makes me thankful for my vasectomy adding this one to the list
and why the supercomputer in a hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy is deep thought .
i 'm ashamed to say i got it the first time i saw it . not because i 'm super smart or anything , but rather i watched nickelodeon regularly late in high school and even in college .
i 'm ashamed to say i got it the first time i saw it . not because i 'm super smart or anything , but rather i watched nickelodeon regularly late in high school and even in college .
also mcgovern for president
and why helga in the hey arnold ! movie went by " deep throat ... " not quite as original
i had to check the comments to see if anyone else just made this connection . that was a great episode .
i dunno , i think they should have shortened it to anglo swiss condensed milk company . just roles off the tongue , you know .
" ... condence it to nestl " ftfy
" ... condence it to nestl " ftfy
a sweet condensed name for a sweet condensed milk .
imagine having to fit all of that on the wrapper lol
should 've just renamed themselves to big milk
director credited as michael j . corleone lol .
too bad j roc left tpb he could have worked on a new trailer park girls gone wild video with snoop , gnomesayn ?
too bad j roc left tpb he could have worked on a new trailer park girls gone wild video with snoop , gnomesayn ?
it 's really amazing how he 's gone from a member of the crips facing murder charges to this family man we see him as today .
snoops done it all . was just listening to some willie nelson on spotify and suddenly snoop is singing a straight up country verse on the song .
fuck snoop . he never replies to my emails .
that would not prevent them from getting sued by the victims .
cooperation with the investigation ? how did that go ? " i bought them guns then they shot people " case closed ! 3 people are to blame !
cooperation with the investigation ? how did that go ? " i bought them guns then they shot people " case closed ! 3 people are to blame !
that is insane .
so they let off the only living accomplice in exchange for cooperating ... to do what ?
you would think that a civil lawsuit against her would be an option though .
rob schiender issss ...
a movie about a ridiculously smart and arrogant man with poor social skills who goes around solving crimes and mysteries ? no one would watch something like that .
a movie about a ridiculously smart and arrogant man with poor social skills who goes around solving crimes and mysteries ? no one would watch something like that .
isaac newton : counterfeiter hanger ?
or a show . i like tv very much these days
to be fair , alchemy sounds wacky because we have 400 years of figuring it out that it does n't work .
well they 're both units of length . you could use either one of them for distance or depth and be correct . there 's a convention that fathoms are used for depth but there 's no reason you could n't use leagues .
yes , no ?
yes , no ?
but julie used " cable lengths " for a lot of distances , too .
i suppose 20,000 leagues under is a bit difficult to fathom .
typically . but more importantly " 20,000 leagues deep " would be completely through the planet and out in space above the other side . one wonders how small a " league " would have to be in order for 20,000 of them to be an impressive , but possible depth .
could have been bought on foreclosure at a low point and they just sat on it . if the house was valued at 120k this many years to be valued 243k is not that unlikely . most houses where i grew up were valued at 300k are now all worth an easy mil .
going out on a limb and saying foreclosure . but maybe divorce because a its a couple on the public record , then down to only a single person from the couple the next filing .
going out on a limb and saying foreclosure . but maybe divorce because a its a couple on the public record , then down to only a single person from the couple the next filing .
actually , i 'm thinking it was a divorce agreement or some tax or business purpose , after looking at the public records
it was not majorly distressed , my wasband quitclaimed his interest in the house to me as part of our divorce settlement . i bought it for 110k in 2001 and have been here ever since .
zillow says my house is worth 580k . it was estimated at 380k when i refinanced last year . i mean , i know the market has been pretty good where i am , but c'mon .
also turned out there were some people living in the attic .
i do n't think anne frank would have cared . i mean , how attached can you get to a house when you are blind , def and dumb ?
i do n't think anne frank would have cared . i mean , how attached can you get to a house when you are blind , def and dumb ?
you 're not allowed to take pictures inside . or at least you were n't allowed to when i was there in 2014 .
" break the house down " is a really weird phrase .
must be making a killing from the museum i would think ?
that we know of .
i 'm curious as to how they could possibly know what an ant , raven , or bee is communicating at all , let alone the subject matter of the conversation .
i 'm curious as to how they could possibly know what an ant , raven , or bee is communicating at all , let alone the subject matter of the conversation .
i 've heard of elephants doing this as well . it 's silly to say that " only these animals can do this " when we understand so little about other animals .
nevermore
that goth kid on the subway got everyone reading the wikipedia page for " raven "
nope . people get hanged , pictures get hung . its correct
actually , when you are talking about hanging a person , the proper past tense is hanged .
actually , when you are talking about hanging a person , the proper past tense is hanged .
in most cases yes , but when it comes to hanging people hanged is correct .
it 's actually " hanged " when you mean the past tense of an execution . the two are similar but distinct verbs .
oh now i understand why people randomly wrote " hung " without any explanation . i just copied it from wiki so i did n't even bothered to think about the past tense form
__url__ here 's the bigger version .
i cant wait for harmonquest season 2 .
i cant wait for harmonquest season 2 .
very cool !
lots of circles here : __url__
thanks .
startles time machine . time machine ! someone . invent a time machine ! !
pics or it did n't happen .
pics or it did n't happen .
fashion goes in cycles .
well , that 's certainly one way to solve the chafing problem of fitted dresses .
this . this fashion trend can come back .
the nazis were working overtime toward the end of the war , to cover up evidence of their atrocities .
standing room only , everybody 's dying to get in
standing room only , everybody 's dying to get in
sometimes when i read stuff like this i can only be glad and slightly amazed that the allies did n't raze germany from the face of the earth .
jesus christ
good thing lambert testified to what they wanted and only got a 4 year sentence .
which begs the question " why is everyone against nth korea improving its mail service " ?
when someone uses same day delivery at 11pm
when someone uses same day delivery at 11pm
bezos at amazon hq : " usps did it in 1959 . with a cruise missile ! " minion : " sir , i am not usps . "
i hear that amazon is thinking of doing this for their same day delivery option , it only cost 14.99 for prime members .
how urgent was the parcel ?
her story is actually really sad . her husband pasted famous composers into her work so that she would think she was being recognized for her work while she died of cancer .
describes pop artists pretty aptly .
describes pop artists pretty aptly .
the thing i got out of this . i miss yahoo groups .
i wonder if anyone has all the recordings digitalized on the internet somewhere ? fraud or not , this guy claims he made it perfect and these experts all say it was beautiful . i wanna hear it !
i watched the documentary . it started out as a way to honor his wife . but then he claims he was a type of artist , using technology to create more perfect versions of the recordings .
listen to his spoken word album , has been . some light fun stuff but at the heart of it he 's really unsure of himself and what he has achieved . would that make him hard or easy to work with ? not sure but worth a listen .
he 's a generous , giving guy , but definitely a dick . if aliens wanted an example of the best and worst that humanity can be , i 'd give them bill shatner .
he 's a generous , giving guy , but definitely a dick . if aliens wanted an example of the best and worst that humanity can be , i 'd give them bill shatner .
i 've read he 's mellowed out since his tos days and regrets some of his more diva like behavior . i read this on tvtropes with no sources so , you know , pinch of salt and all that .
a true canadian . lol
i think that 's part of the appeal .
never doubt a writer 's ability to fracture fairy tales .
__url__
__url__
til that this til is posted at least once a month .
another failed affirmative action program .
this is why we need steve the firefighter . he was at 9 11
how much did you have to pay to get the rights ?
it s mine too !
it s mine too !
mine too ! !
today , justice was silent .
i had it as my text sound on my first cell phone in 7th grade
you can n't hate on boromir for wanting to take the ring ... that ring was an evil , manipulative little shit
boromir became my favorite character after watching the extended editions ... such amazing scenes in gondor .
boromir became my favorite character after watching the extended editions ... such amazing scenes in gondor .
he wanted the ring to protect his fellow countrymen it was never a desire for him to have it personally .
it makes me feel terribly old that faramir is the dad in iron fist .
the extended versions completely changed the trilogy for me .
i take issue with the description of a depressed person as " mentally disturbed . " that phrasing has a certain negative connotation which is somewhat misleading .
reddit is weirdly judgemental about sexual relations with under 18s considering how many of them jerk off to 16 17 year olds on gonewild .
reddit is weirdly judgemental about sexual relations with under 18s considering how many of them jerk off to 16 17 year olds on gonewild .
op is definitely kevin spacey . definitely .
lol ... this submission will be conveniently ignored .
it we otherwise like someone , we overlook their faults . that 's just how people roll . and no , it 's not consistent , and not necessarily principled , though it could be ok depending what the good things were relative to the faults . but it is what it is .
i ... what ? how does the writer believe digestion works ? how would anyone take that as a real threat ? what ? ?
very much related , this guy does a by the numbers breakdown of all the deaths ( bad guys especially ) in 24 , as well as some commentary on the ramifications of the show post 9 11 . well worth a watch .
very much related , this guy does a by the numbers breakdown of all the deaths ( bad guys especially ) in 24 , as well as some commentary on the ramifications of the show post 9 11 . well worth a watch .
are you doubting jack bauer ? c'mon , man , the guy rescued his daughter from kidnappers 3 times in a span of 24 hours , on top of coming back from the dead , unraveling massive conspiracies and saving the world !
what the fuck
and his pronunciation of gulag was so bad i almost thought we was talking about something else .
but nasa uses the metric system
there are countries that use the metric system and countries that have gone to the moon by using the metric system .
there are countries that use the metric system and countries that have gone to the moon by using the metric system .
i never understood why the us society does n't accept the metric system , their finest members are using it on a daily basis : scientists , military , drug dealers ...
the pirates are to blame
sorry bud but nasa is using metric system .
i hate being elementary particles , i want to be a high school particle so bad !
this is called the cold death of the galaxy , and it means you , your life , and anything you accomplish will be meaningless . only those who follow christ can be saved .
this is called the cold death of the galaxy , and it means you , your life , and anything you accomplish will be meaningless . only those who follow christ can be saved .
but the music of jimi hendrix will survive
could super advanced intelligent life interfere with this process ?
there is as yet insufficient data for a meaningful answer
what about the baldwins ?
probably trump , he is the president and i imagine that would be quite the incentive to go to war .
probably trump , he is the president and i imagine that would be quite the incentive to go to war .
clint eastwood ?
bill murray
robbie rotten
well woop de dooooooo for yoooouuu
i feel like they should definitely use " on the spectrum " as their advertising slogan . are you on the spectrum ?
i feel like they should definitely use " on the spectrum " as their advertising slogan . are you on the spectrum ?
just got converted from twc to spectrum rebranding getting 100down 10 up for 65 sometimes get 120 down or 140 down ( i bought a 686 modem )
but for how long is the real question with spectrum
must be lucky . spectrum is horseshit where i live . 140 m for 10 10 speed and basic cable package that does n't include any normal channels like mtv , vh1 , comedy central , etc . they bought out time warner and ruined it .
without firearms , those fuckers are unbelievably monstrous . arrows ? spears ? fuck . that . noise .
til that in 2008 a sleuth of 30 bears besieged a platinum mining compound in the olyotorsky district of northern kamchatka . two guards were killed and they prevented workers from leaving their homes from the same article !
til that in 2008 a sleuth of 30 bears besieged a platinum mining compound in the olyotorsky district of northern kamchatka . two guards were killed and they prevented workers from leaving their homes from the same article !
there was ceremony because , to the lakota at least , bears are the only other animal considered to be " two leggeds , " like human beings .
couldnt imagine hunting a bear without a firearm ... scratch that , i still can n't imagine hunting a bear with something under 45 70 .
i mean , they can n't be outrun , considering they 're as fast as horses .
academia is filled with a lot of catty bitches .
if i recall correctly , his media and promoting science to the public activities are also one of the big things that led to him getting denied tenure at harvard .
if i recall correctly , his media and promoting science to the public activities are also one of the big things that led to him getting denied tenure at harvard .
academic politics is so bloodthirsty precisely because so little is at stake .
haters gonna hate .
he was also a lover of the dank .
i 'd like this to be picked up as a ongoing miniseries by amazon or netflix .
i 'm ... intrigued .
i 'm ... intrigued .
definitely a good read ! the scene where he bites the head off a lizard in the rub al kali to drink its blood was awesome !
if y'all find this interesting you should check out a book called ' the spear ' by louis de wohl . one of my favorite books !
so ... you spear a guy and automatic karma doom ? not cool , god . not . cool . edit : seriously . this guy does n't even get a saving throw ! !
so ... the pepper pickers pick peppers and ponder the perfect paragon of pepper using a provided pepper picking post for the purpose of producing powerful , perfect , pressed pepper pur e , post production ?
if you 're ever in south louisiana they offer a great tour of the facility at avery island . you can smell the island from a mile away .
if you 're ever in south louisiana they offer a great tour of the facility at avery island . you can smell the island from a mile away .
how it 's made ?
r hailcorporate
tomato sorters have a different method __url__
not cool man
what the fuck ?
what the fuck ?
how do we get invited ( ( ( ) ) )
wait how do i view this reddit ?
sweet zombie jesus ...
did n't realize other states did n't have dui plates . we also have heroin plates here in ohio , they 're light blue and say " kentucky " on the top .
party plates . ugliest plates you 'd ever hope to have . it 's considered good etiquette here to point them out to your friends .
party plates . ugliest plates you 'd ever hope to have . it 's considered good etiquette here to point them out to your friends .
party plates . helps me know who to steer clear off .
they should make them get kentucky 's old plates as punishment .
ok guys , we get it . you call them party plates .
if i got paid in 1209 pounds what i do today and adjust for inflation , i 'd be earning the equivalent of 3,354 , 850.70 . that 'd be nice .
now i have to reach every piece of historical fiction drama to see how much money they were talking about . i 'm always like " 100 pounds sounds like not that much "
now i have to reach every piece of historical fiction drama to see how much money they were talking about . i 'm always like " 100 pounds sounds like not that much "
thanks , this should kill an hour at work .
why specifically 1209 ? why not start at 1200 ?
the value does seem to be going down at the minute , but i 'm hoping it does n't go all the way back to 1209 level as i need to buy some singapore dollars soon .
first ? no there was legit megafauna on the continent when they arrived . i 'd like to hear about those encounters ... it 's a shame they did n't have writing 20,000 years ago .
holds up spear leeeeeeerooooooooyyyyy
holds up spear leeeeeeerooooooooyyyyy
when humans first came to north america , they also had to deal with the short faced bear which weighed more than twice as much and stood several feet taller .
i fookd that skyrim cave bear tho ez .
skyrim had it right !
yes , the great country of mexioc
jesus that 's dark . and fucking long . beautiful i agree but freaking long .
jesus that 's dark . and fucking long . beautiful i agree but freaking long .
wtf . that 's no la bamba
them peeps have the great anthem .
well those lyrics are rather ... aggressive .
i had a red ryder bb gun when i was little . my friend accidentally shot me in the ear with it , it got lodged in the cartilage , and we had to remove it like you would pop a pimple .
its reload is nice but its weak
its reload is nice but its weak
i got my kids and nieces and nephews each one for christmas with the movie , they were all out in my mom 's back yard shooting cans and my sisters where giving me the evil eye for the rest of the night . it was fantastic .
i 've got one in my closet for my daughter to practice with .
you 'll shoot your eye out
smelaya later , bitch !
given poor laika effectively baked to death after six hours in the heat and radiation of the sun , this was a wise move .
given poor laika effectively baked to death after six hours in the heat and radiation of the sun , this was a wise move .
the dog was brave , not stupid ...
last name later .
they caught her the next day and launched with a dog named malyshka ( baby )
how low can you go
" general motors proving ground " another cool reminder of how the us auto industry produced arms for the war . they retooled plants pretty damn fast and did a lot of r d work as well .
" general motors proving ground " another cool reminder of how the us auto industry produced arms for the war . they retooled plants pretty damn fast and did a lot of r d work as well .
oh look a penny
listen , you want to shell hop or not ? the sherman is designed this way for maximum lift .
meanwhile in japan
he wanted to make sure the counterfeiters understood the gravity of the situation .
female investigator : " isaac , you were right . it was a father and son team doing the counterfeits . " newton : " well , looks like the apple takes off sunglasses does n't fall far from the tree . "
female investigator : " isaac , you were right . it was a father and son team doing the counterfeits . " newton : " well , looks like the apple takes off sunglasses does n't fall far from the tree . "
the fictional account of this depicted by neal stephenson in the baroque cycle is pretty well done , and fits in nicely with a compelling narrative .
what exactly does " drawn and quartered " mean ?
dude was an alchemist , he wanted to have the gold counterfeit market to himself and went out of his way to eliminate competition . of course , this factoid is part of a larger series of my historical conspiracies .
storm ?
chemo is poison . so poison is medicine ? medicine .
chemo is poison . so poison is medicine ? medicine .
what do they call alternative medicine that has n't been tested ?
big pharma
that 's a george carlin quote
how do i know this isnt a lie !
! redditsilver
! redditsilver
you could also call it socialist card company , because when it fails you can just try re branding in the hopes it will work after changing nearly nothing !
holy ball 's of fire that was good .
and the other 2 3 would refuse to believe a good thing about it even if it were true .
another ( formerly ) insanely alcohol addled " prince of darkness " is still alive in the form of alice cooper . maybe we should consider there is a possibility they made a deal with the devil
especially if you 're married to sharon . she 's the real genius .
especially if you 're married to sharon . she 's the real genius .
when you 're the prince of darkness , the drugs just let you do them .
that world of warcraft reference tho )
you mean the prince of fucking darkness .
thank you
i checked the url to see if it was the rickroll video , it was n't , thought to myself , " hmm , i have n't seen a rickroll in a while " , and clicked the link . curse you !
i checked the url to see if it was the rickroll video , it was n't , thought to myself , " hmm , i have n't seen a rickroll in a while " , and clicked the link . curse you !
thanks for clarifying . everyone go ahead and click that link for some proof of what he actually said
finally , someone sets the record straight .
oh my fuck
what about dolphins ?
that 's not what they are saying . we do n't know if there are others . your title implies that we do
that 's not what they are saying . we do n't know if there are others . your title implies that we do
how do you know this ? can you provide evidence that proves you are correct ?
what about elephants ?
yeah i 'd say this is something more of the case of we have n't studied everything . " that we know of " is a valid statement .
optimus : great job , autobots ! time to celebrate . orsonbot , what do you have for us ? orsonbot : aaaa aaaaa aaaaaaahhh , the f f ff fffren french chhhampagne ...
just a little too much paul masson
just a little too much paul masson
bah weep graagnah weep ni ni bong
yup . and it was awesome
my destiny !
and unfortunately the cancer recurred and caused her eventual death . apparently you have n't seen the hbo miniseries about adams . it 's excellent . highly recommended .
jesus , and i just started tearing up when plucking a hair in between my eyebrows .
jesus , and i just started tearing up when plucking a hair in between my eyebrows .
this will be how it 's done in the us now if the new healthcare bill passes the senate .
no anesthesia ? that takes balls boob s
this scene was in the paul giamatti john adams series . it was intense af also according to the show benjamin rush performed the op . idk if that 's true or not though .
someday i am just going to sit down and make up a religion .
then the white devils invented electricity , air conditioning , immunizations , human flight , advanced agrarian technologies , etc . , to oppress the blacks .
then the white devils invented electricity , air conditioning , immunizations , human flight , advanced agrarian technologies , etc . , to oppress the blacks .
racist idiots , including chuck d , method man , nas , drake , and jay z .
as solid a theory story as any other religion
science says :
if the person is dangerous , food was a rare enough commodity that imprisoning them was unfeasible . it 's better and safer for the community that they be executed . further , it acts as a warning against future crime .
there 's lots of passages in the bible about being allowed , even obligated , to execute someone , and at least one story of god interrupting an execution . so at least regarding the abrahamic religions i think it 's consistent .
there 's lots of passages in the bible about being allowed , even obligated , to execute someone , and at least one story of god interrupting an execution . so at least regarding the abrahamic religions i think it 's consistent .
too much logic there
b c it 's what jesus would have wanted
they could n't tell if it was chance or an intervention , and decided to play if safe , so as to not to step on larger toes .
the three data points given seem to conflict . if an elephant swam for 48 km ( 30 mi ) then he she it would have to swim for longer than 6 hours or faster than 2.1 km h ( 1 mph ) by force .
yup they have good buoyancy . can confirm since i 'm that big . jk . elephants are awesome
yup they have good buoyancy . can confirm since i 'm that big . jk . elephants are awesome
relevant ricky gervais . __url__
is n't 1 mile equal to 1.6 km ? ( and therefore 1mph 1.6 kph ? )
anyone else feel that the title does n't make sense . they swim for max of 6 hours , at a max speed of 1 mile per hour , but can travel 30 miles ?
i do n't think i could kill a grizzly bear with firearms . i honestly do n't think i could even kill a bear if its arms were n't on fire .
man i just watched the revenant for the first time a few weeks ago . that fucking bear man . that had me on the edge of my seat .
man i just watched the revenant for the first time a few weeks ago . that fucking bear man . that had me on the edge of my seat .
i have some buddies in northern bc that hunt them with bows . i worked with a man who survived being mauled by one by killing it with a 44 magnum while it was biting his arm
i bet a nice mahogany boar spear or two could do the job .
yeah , with fucking arrows and spears , going in with only 10 warriors sounds fucking stupid . i walk around the forest with a fucking 45 cal 1911 , even that ai n't gonna do shit other than piss it off .
that mostly just made it look super awesme .
dangerous as it is , i totally get why people do it . those caves look amazing . i think i 'd pass on the opportunity , though .
dangerous as it is , i totally get why people do it . those caves look amazing . i think i 'd pass on the opportunity , though .
instant anxiety attack for me seeing the guy take off his helmet and how cramped it was ... nope .
so intense great share
i feel like i 'd want a quick way out , cyanide pill or something , in case anything went wrong . death by drowning scares me to no end , especially in such claustrophobic spaces .
because only they get notable attention . i 've been told i 'm the reincarnation of my uncle . my uncle is a nobody so no article is going to immortalize that .
he said a roman soldier , not cincinnatus
he said a roman soldier , not cincinnatus
how come everyone brings up this standup bit any time reincarnation is mentioned ?
i think i was a thief who was hanged .
yeah , from louisiana for instance
why are other countries expected to be more efficient at catching american serial killers ?
or the rest of the world catches them when they are murderers and not turned to serial killers yet . lots of different ways to look at this .
or the rest of the world catches them when they are murderers and not turned to serial killers yet . lots of different ways to look at this .
thats not the case though at least not compared to eu countries , serial killers are definitely an american phenomenon .
math fail for you and over a thousand other people . america has 5 of the world 's population . if you are claiming that the only reason for the disparity is capture rate , then we 'd be talking a capture rate of 15 times all the rest of the world . i 'm honestly dubious ...
more than that , you seem to think we are 25 of the population but are a much smaller proportion . china and india each have 3 4 x the population we do .
being a teenager during this craze solidified my mistrust of adults .
reminds me of the couple who separated their collection in court during their divorce
reminds me of the couple who separated their collection in court during their divorce
i think it would be hilarious if they made a comeback . then all the people who bought them at high prices and dumped them at their garage sales can re live their pain one more time !
every year they try to recreate that beanie baby level craze . i know supply and demand existed since forever , but i think beanies changed retail junk toy pushing .
you can insure anything . my magic cards are insured for thousands of dollars , and those are just decks i play with regularly , not some carefully preserved collection .
do n't forget swallowing raw eggs .
i love video games and watching movies . can n't make money doing that . i love golf but working in the golf industry is ruining that for me . idkwtf to do for money and i hate it .
i love video games and watching movies . can n't make money doing that . i love golf but working in the golf industry is ruining that for me . idkwtf to do for money and i hate it .
i 'm a p t voice actor who loves my whiskey ... thing is i 'm a 33 y o who sounds like a teen . can n't complain though lots of demand for that voice range .
wonder about the toll it took on her life , though
can confirm . drinking whiskey , smoking , and not working
from reading the rest of the article , it seems like saving even one more elephant seal would have helped prevent the genetic bottlenecking that currently is affecting the population .
the christian 's are coming . take cover .
the christian 's are coming . take cover .
explain that to creationists .
not true , alabama is doing just fine
you try telling that to the fundies ...
and with about 5,000 groupies . more or less .
i guess the lemon juice did n't run down his leg on that one .
i guess the lemon juice did n't run down his leg on that one .
little sister , do n't you do what your big sister done ...
soft move or boss move ? boss move
not a huge surprise . " i got another child on the way that makes eleven " from the song how many more times
so they did n't need that bitch ass rudolph .
should we tell him ?
should we tell him ?
i hear they can even see you when you 're sleeping .
til santa and his sleigh are made out of uv light ..
confession : i envisioned reindeer seeing all of these things from the sky . now i 'm sad that they 're always on the ground .
gene hackman was asked why he starred in superman and he said " i can give you 2 million reasons why "
i never understood why people like to give celebrities shit for taking jobs for the pay . i have worked for some real garbage companies that i 'm not proud of just to pay my bills . i do n't see how an actor in a shit movie would be any different .
i never understood why people like to give celebrities shit for taking jobs for the pay . i have worked for some real garbage companies that i 'm not proud of just to pay my bills . i do n't see how an actor in a shit movie would be any different .
absolute legend . caine said how he chooses his movies : " i get the script and see if my character is on the first page . then i flip to the end and see if he 's on the last page . if he 's on both i take the role " or some shit similar . fucking legend
wanna hear my michael caine impression ? ' ello , my name is michael caine .
i used to play the nes game it spawned too . made no sense since you spent most of the game shooting fish to collect sea shells , but i was obsessed with killing jaws when i was a kid .
motley too ? like wtf ?
i still say heroin is a preservative . look at keith richards . dude is practically embalmed alive .
i still say heroin is a preservative . look at keith richards . dude is practically embalmed alive .
duff surprisingly , he had pancreatitis , due to alcohol abuse , that 's a death sentence .
nobody major from the hair metal days has died which is pretty crazy . even sebastian bach is still alive .
i 've got an ongoing bet , thats been set since 98 that keith richardd would die before slash . no hard feelings to em , great guys , but it ' still a nice betting game
another fun fact is that the ferryman and the moon , while spelt the same , are pronounced differently . the ferryman is a hard ' ch ' , think ' chaos ' . the moon is a soft ' ch ' , think , well , ' charlene ' .
why didnt he name it charlene then ?
why didnt he name it charlene then ?
the citation for the realization that charon was the ferryman of hades states : " prior to this , christy had considered naming the moon oz . " i 'd be really surprised that a team of educated people in the 60s 70s had never read inferno .
i call bullshit
" i named it after you honey , i swear "
i 'm not an english major , but i 'm english , and i would say that coincidentally or inadvertently would have been better , but accidentally is n't wrong .
grammar north korean would probably be more suitable .
grammar north korean would probably be more suitable .
yeah english major here and i 've also been to the dmz . but sorry , i 'm too red in the face right now to answer your question . i 'm still hung up on gpupdate 's perverse and naive use of " nature reserve " . i do n't buy into the propaganda .
i 'm looking for an english major as well . i need a latte .
i would use ' unintentionally ' .
oh that 's a good one !
makes sense . i 've not been sleeping well because of the heat and now the universe is throttling me when i 'm awake .
makes sense . i 've not been sleeping well because of the heat and now the universe is throttling me when i 'm awake .
i guess that makes me a processing leak .
not enough ram to sim everyone at once , so half have to sleep .
fucking updates every god dam day is more like it . designed by adobe
their answer : mrs . snow .
s07e01 baby watch party at my house
s07e01 baby watch party at my house
... so what did they say ? ? ?
also with a dream of potential truckload of money .
what is game of thrones ?
fuck , you tell me this now , two hours before i have to defend my doctoral dissertation ?
to be fair most of the disputed ones are just outdated .
to be fair most of the disputed ones are just outdated .
not all tils are true either .
they 're just alternative facts .
just like this site
growing up i did think html was an abbreviation for hotmail , so i guess it worked .
i had a hotmail account back in the mid nineties . my mum thought it was " hotmale " and that i was using that address to pick up chicks .
i had a hotmail account back in the mid nineties . my mum thought it was " hotmale " and that i was using that address to pick up chicks .
1996 ? ? til i had my hotmail account since year zero .
i still use my hotmail account .
and yahoomail was called yahoomail because it was made by yahoos .
and whales for that matter .
dolphins are overrated
dolphins are overrated
thats what i was thinking . we know that they all have their own name , and that dolphins talk about other pod mates when they are n't around .
and wolves
yeah was n't it shown that dolphins can tell another dolphin how to do a specific trick to get a reward ?
no , only pokemon
i learned english through a webpage that was a text based naruto rpg . it has a blue background ... that is all i remember . i only became a chuunin ..
i learned english through a webpage that was a text based naruto rpg . it has a blue background ... that is all i remember . i only became a chuunin ..
i guess that depends on whether or not you 're a weeaboo lol
one piece is was pretty big , or atleast the manga used to be pretty popular here in norway . beyond that , not really .
ok ... the weeaboo neckbeardism has gone full neckbeard . i tip my fedora to thee .
my ex girlfriend was from finland and she was crazy about donald duck . the donald duck stories they had were geared towards adults . i thought it was bizarre .
not voting for donald sounds like a great idea to me too !
not voting for donald sounds like a great idea to me too !
it 's not illegal to vote for him in swedish elections though . last election ( 2014 ) the " donald duck party " got 133 votes . source
these classic disney characters are very popular in europe in general . lots of comic books with mickey , goofy , donald , scrooge etc . most kids read the monthly issues , while in the us , mickey is little more than a logo nowadays .
skandinav pls
you go to go to the soo for that .
mqt is one the greatest places on earth . i 'd give anything for a sandwich and a pasty from jean kay 's right now .
mqt is one the greatest places on earth . i 'd give anything for a sandwich and a pasty from jean kay 's right now .
i just moved here from downstate to go to nmu . i see superior everyday and it still doesn t get old .
i 've lived in the marquette area for 13 years , still awe inspiring every time i 'm on the lake .
ayyyyy 906 checkin in !
you sure he wasn t just referencing his favorite game , metal gear ?
did someone poison the watering hole with peyote ?
did someone poison the watering hole with peyote ?
watch out for snakes !
it 's an old time euphemism for delirium tremens . dts can kill you .
for once , today was not the day i learned that
that and the one time when they used an actual new theorem in show . invented a theorem in an episode that is : __url__
you joke , but it takes some pretty smart people to make a line so succinctly representative of a personality while being memorable and funny .
you joke , but it takes some pretty smart people to make a line so succinctly representative of a personality while being memorable and funny .
once again , television has given me a reason to live . we robots do n't have feelings . and that makes me sad . bender
you know how many times they had to calculate the outcome of that joke ? that might be one of the most mathematically on point jokes of all time , it permeated a population .
" do a flip ! "
this is why even galactic hitchhiking deities need towels .
she was rollin ' on e . still , if anne heche wants to take a shower at my place that 's fine with me .
she was rollin ' on e . still , if anne heche wants to take a shower at my place that 's fine with me .
i totally forgot she existed lol .
ellen will do that to a person ...
or as i like to call it , a typical wednesday .
i had no idea she was that into gaming and sci fi . and to think she would probably just be a streamer if she was born 10 years later . edit : til : she streams and married a streamer . lol . damnit .
dat clockwork orange cosplay . holy hell .
dat clockwork orange cosplay . holy hell .
that 's your fap folder , is n't it ?
damn she has a great pc build .
anybody else see her landing strip in the yellow bikini shot ? just me ?
good thing nobody takes the hof seriously .
because she 's way more famous and successful than all of those groups . maybe combined .
because she 's way more famous and successful than all of those groups . maybe combined .
dude the list of inductees is whacko . i mean i love blondie but litterally they have one good song . 2 kind of but really one . the first like 15 inductees are solid though .
moody fucking blues . for god 's sake they waited until chris squire died before they put yes in . who has to die in the moody blues for them to get a nod .
it 's jann wenner 's hall and he 's not much into prog rock
... or introverted
blind people are screwed
blind people are screwed
fuck student politics , complete cesspit .
i prefer people avoiding eye contact than people staring at me ...
ah , the pitfalls of a culturally heterogeneous society .
i mean , we could be , but that 'd need to stop buying avocado toast to stop being poor . so , i would n't get my hopes up xd
yeah ... we 're doomed .
yeah ... we 're doomed .
shit .
no .
we 'll be great because of our yolo swag .
not incompetent , they were political . russia has no serial killers because communism ! !
based on what ? why do you assume the us has the only competent police forces ?
based on what ? why do you assume the us has the only competent police forces ?
yes , because american police is the shining example for the rest of the world to follow .
what kind of a world view do you have ? that it 's usa in the middle and the rest are banana republics ?
and yet the us fails to solve about 1 3 of all murders every year less than most first world countries .
this is the second time bsu has made the front page this week ! first was the half court tuition shot ! chirp chirp
chirp chirp !
chirp chirp !
shut up and go climb up pruis hall . just hop on the pipes opposite the library and you 're scott free to the top .
i remember the business building . i spent most of my time studying gis and nrem . i graduated in 92 .
currently drinking out of a ball state cup ! and i graduated 10 years ago ...
and it 's always because the boss hates them
big tits
big tits
helps being good looking .
i 've met multiple men exactly like that . they get promoted for being " assertive go getters who do n't take any shit " . hmmmm .
ive trained tons of girls like that . quit after 3 weeks .
still a thundering cunt
but she stole all the milk from children in britain to recoup the costs .
but she stole all the milk from children in britain to recoup the costs .
a firm believer in maintaining balance she then went onto destroy britain . she probably thought she was buying the girl under an efficient free market solution .
itt : people who cannot distinguish between " disagrees with me " from " bad " .
she then used the rest of that money to fund northern irish paramilitary groups
mongol tov !
then genghis khans grandson converted to islam .
then genghis khans grandson converted to islam .
so what you 're telling me is that the jewish overlords are actually descendants of ghenghis khan ? puts on tinfoil hat
there 's a jewish chinese restaurant in la called genghis cohen . the foods pretty good .
there was a tribe of turkic steppe nomads who did convert to judaism . khazars .
i am german . til that there are kill shelters .
in switzerland you can n't own a single guinea pig because they 're very social animals and need a companion to remain psychologically healthy .
in switzerland you can n't own a single guinea pig because they 're very social animals and need a companion to remain psychologically healthy .
how does that work ? wouldnt they at some point be overrun ?
so shoes and bacon , those are still good reasons right ?
fish too ?
what kind of storylines would they make to make it more geared towards adults ?
gooby pls
gooby pls
can confirm , i 'm over 30 and love donald duck comics . even many adults in finland subscribe to donald duck comic with new issue coming out every week . and donald duck is usually the most voted person in every vote in finland .
fun fact : germans are crazy about donald duck too but here the comic books are called " stinkende blutende schleimfotze " which translates to " funny stupid chicken " .
i want to believe you but we all know finland does n't exist . r finlandconspiracy
it was n't until 1997 that the first cell phone camera was invented ( by philippe kahn ) . __url__
i 've worked for ibm for 7 years and never heard of this , interesting .
i 've worked for ibm for 7 years and never heard of this , interesting .
but ibm could only make a thin margin on it . and they ran away . like they do on every market that they have to compete in .
" but steve jobs came up with every single innovative idea ever for smart phones ! ! ! "
so it was basically a newton ?
is this where the phrase " the apple of my eye " comes from ?
so does she accept the proposal by taking a bite ?
so does she accept the proposal by taking a bite ?
almost like catching pok mon .
now you need carats .
suddenly the beginning of the video for mr . brightside makes a bit more sense .
what ? incest and inbreeding in the middle east ? gtfo . lies .
talk about going 0 60 in a heartbeat
talk about going 0 60 in a heartbeat
what a fucking baller . rip
see rule of acquisition 76 .
he also tried to burn the middle east
raw honey will also never go bad for the same reason , as long as it is properly sealed . when excavating egyptian tombs they found pots of honey that was still edible .
if you eat nothing but mustard and then fart is that mustard gas ?
if you eat nothing but mustard and then fart is that mustard gas ?
one citation on a wikipedia article ( from a culinary book , not a medical journal ) and suddenly it 's the gospel .
so honey mustard eternal life ?
eye of newt
the shells are hard on the tissue
raw eggs can coat your vocal cords throat in mucus so it would give her a phlegmy sounding voice . edit : i dun fucked up
raw eggs can coat your vocal cords throat in mucus so it would give her a phlegmy sounding voice . edit : i dun fucked up
she chewed them shell and all .
it makes you phlegmy
maybe from gagging .
i do n't think they are confusing them . most american medical companies are associated with thievery and commerce .
the us military actually uses this as the official symbol for military medicine .
the us military actually uses this as the official symbol for military medicine .
the caduceus symbol is the correct symbol for use by hospitals , health insurance companies , anybody and anything that has to do with bilking the public . the rod of asclepius should only be used by medical professionals .
like swastika is an ancient religious symbol and any other association is just wrong ? my point is that if the symbol is widely adopted and recognized as a symbol for medicine then it is a symbol for medicine .
" mistakenly "
wow . this is a random fact i did n't expect to learn today . it made me happy .
copeland , les claypool from primus , and trey anastasio from phish come together to form oysterhead . super awesome band
copeland , les claypool from primus , and trey anastasio from phish come together to form oysterhead . super awesome band
another fun drummer soundtrack fact : the soundtrack to drive was composed by the former drummer from red hot chili peppers
do n't forget about the music he made with oysterhead , featuring trey anatasio of phish and les claypool of primus
copeland is incredible .
weird . my wife is african american , and her family only drinks pepsi .
proving once again that the only color that really matters in america is green .
proving once again that the only color that really matters in america is green .
" gentlemen , we are not being true patriots unless we liberate more dollars from negro hands ... " .
my grandfather was a very racist man and would not drink pepsi because " they have n s in their commercials . " he wouldnt eat at mcdonalds for the same reason . he was not a nice man .
and if they have reddit in those days , some would complain that pepsi is " virtue signalling " and that they should " keep politics out of my soft drink " .
woohoo , i 'm behind you ! ... motherfucker .
adjusted of course for politeness in different cultures . in america , you can just fire one of your guns into the air . in australia , you just yell " oi cunt ! " out the window . in japan , the polite horn does n't do anything .
adjusted of course for politeness in different cultures . in america , you can just fire one of your guns into the air . in australia , you just yell " oi cunt ! " out the window . in japan , the polite horn does n't do anything .
install bicycle bell on car
my volt has this ! there 's a button on the end of the turn indicator that makes a quick series of short beeps rather than a long horn
i just do n't see how they are going to pull it off without making it seem pretentious , hence the humour . horns are not meant to be polite . maybe a bell ring like on a bicycle , except it 's loud enough so that people you are n't already passing can hear it .
they would n't abide such a glaring misspelling of faggot .
do n't be a __url__
do n't be a __url__
the band became very socially progressive after this album
why was a south american country ever given so much influence ?
fagot or faggot ? two different things lol
your dog must really love prime numbers .
my dog has done that , she ate skull even . i had to leave the house because , well , because
my dog has done that , she ate skull even . i had to leave the house because , well , because
what breed ?
your dog is a bitch .
what breed ?
this was actually pursued heavily in the 90s during the . com explosion . credit out rfc 1149 to see how close we came to a full stack avian transport layer for the internet : __url__
same thing with the whole humpty dumpty fiasco giving the horses the first chance to put him back together was the sort of blithe insouciance that leads to the end of dynasties
same thing with the whole humpty dumpty fiasco giving the horses the first chance to put him back together was the sort of blithe insouciance that leads to the end of dynasties
four legs good ! two legs better !
i feel like it 's saying that if you have a skill you should develop it or someone less skilled than you will end up in that position and will n't be able to perform anywhere near as good as you . peepel wil dies if you are laze
what features can we expect in the 2.0 build ?
sick bastard ..
the look on that .
the look on that .
this is still so fucked .
i dont think i have seen a video that better describes my marrage .
look mom no hands !
from a transformer point of view , megatron is the good guy . optimus being the bad one .
megatron second paragraph , first sentence .
megatron second paragraph , first sentence .
wow 4 year old engines . these days even using last years engine is n't likely to get you anywhere .
megatron was way cooler then optimas that 's wht .
because it was a bad engine .
much more entertaining source
how would one appropriate say 20 litres of this ?
how would one appropriate say 20 litres of this ?
wow , it can burn inflammable things ? __url__
arsonists rejoice .
chlorine and fluorine both are much stronger oxidizers than than oxygen but chlorine triflouride is a liquid , making it especially aggressive .
it 's used to mean enthusiasm or energy , typically referring to a quality of a person .
do you even remember this marketing campaign fellow uk person ? i remember dansai failing , but i remembered it being because they just used tap water , maybe there were two seperate incidences ...
do you even remember this marketing campaign fellow uk person ? i remember dansai failing , but i remembered it being because they just used tap water , maybe there were two seperate incidences ...
so true . it sort of reminds of when lil'jon and the eastside boyz get low . " skeet skeet skeet " ... umm did i just hear skeet on the radio ? there are barely any other meanings for it . spunk is spunk lol
you can use it to describe spending a lot of money on something flashy too .
my precious bodily fluids .
also he died before the jackson five became big pop stars in the early 70 ' s
it 's ok , it 's not like you 're the president and do n't know that . that would be insane .
it 's ok , it 's not like you 're the president and do n't know that . that would be insane .
i did n't realize , you know , the civil war , if you think about it , why ?
now we all know trumps reddit user name .
yeah , jackson was a big hero in the war of 1812 at the battle of new orleans . without his help , we might 've made america great britain again .
i bet tycho moosed him very much after his unfortunate death .
that moosestache . it 's glorious .
that moosestache . it 's glorious .
tycho brahe would go on to drink and party himself to death as well .
elk are not mooses ... meeses . your topic title is misleading .
we would call him a party animal .
bojack horseman
haahahaha handsome ... that 's cute
haahahaha handsome ... that 's cute
two words : robin williams .
i dont know about you but that man 's nose is huge he 's the sarah jessica parker of male celebrities
i remember reading at the time it happened that it was precipitated by his break up with kate hudson .
oh dear lord what the fuck ? ? ?
in this movie , lea thompson nearly has sex with howard the duck . a few years later , he she married howard deutch . coincidence ? ( yes . )
in this movie , lea thompson nearly has sex with howard the duck . a few years later , he she married howard deutch . coincidence ? ( yes . )
and edward r . rooney , dean of students
more duck boobs ( even more ... )
__url__
i cannot believe i 'm saying this but ... username checks out .
it 's been talked about before , but just imagine what space defence nasa could create if they had the military 's budget ..
it 's been talked about before , but just imagine what space defence nasa could create if they had the military 's budget ..
think of olympus mons and valles marineris on mars . on the opposite side of those features , there is a giant impact crater . valles marineris is a stretch mark of olympus mons popping up .
maybe this explains the deccan traps . they took place at the same time as the chicxulub asteroid strike .
is n't that the setup for the divine comedy ? satan crashes into earth creating a massive hole that becomes hell and erecting a massive mountain to the antipodal point of the world that becomes purgatory .
that 's the problem with generalizing and making harsh sweeping judgments of people .
ok , but do you make claims about " girl drama " that you 're trying to avoid ? thats the real root of this idea
ok , but do you make claims about " girl drama " that you 're trying to avoid ? thats the real root of this idea
how you doin
i was going to say they 're not all weird but you said psychedelic
im sorry to inform you you are actually a guy .
bless him and his family .
i wonder if he is a distant relative of mine .
i wonder if he is a distant relative of mine .
it 's insane to me how so many people are quick to point out how over exaggerated racism in the us is today when the last slave died less than a hundred years ago and my dad was 28 when african americans were desegregated
it 's crazy how far away slavery and all of that stuff seems from now . my great great grandfather was born a slave , my great grandfather grew up during jim crow ( and fought in wwii ) , and my grandfather went to segregated schools .
well i 'm not going to pretend that i am posting this after some comprehensive research however a 30 second google search produced sylvester magee : __url__
well at the time they did not know ' chemistry ' as we do , thought sickness was spread through smells or about bacteria and the like . a great book about the time is the baroque cycle by neal stephenson
in the centuries leading up to newton , alchemy and astrology were the primary means for the scientists of the time to get funding from royalty . want a precision telescope ? tell the king you can predict the future with the stars .
in the centuries leading up to newton , alchemy and astrology were the primary means for the scientists of the time to get funding from royalty . want a precision telescope ? tell the king you can predict the future with the stars .
he was also huge into trying to decipher the 2nd coming of christ from the bible .
everything is a legitimate science until you figure out it is n't .
he also died a virgin .
what 's the reasoning behind loathing him ? it 's not even like he 's a bad dude . i do n't understand the cage hate . not like i 'm a mega fan , i just do n't understand the hate .
camel toe means i 'm tough and strong like a camels toe .
camel toe means i 'm tough and strong like a camels toe .
that 's your favorite nic cage movie ? ? wickerman lite ? ?
oh christ i forgot about that movie .. i remember thoroughly enjoying it . he gives one of my favorite performances by any actor in " adaptation " too .
watch birdie . my favorite nic cage film
no , i 've had a rottie . wonderful dog , loved him to death . shitty people tend to be the problem in 9.99999999999 10 cases .
the only problem with any breed is that people think they are " aggressive looking " and " cool " if all dogs looked like labradoodles , we would n't have to have this discussion . the problem is with the humans .
the only problem with any breed is that people think they are " aggressive looking " and " cool " if all dogs looked like labradoodles , we would n't have to have this discussion . the problem is with the humans .
i believe it is the later people suck .
the latter . it 's the archetypical " badass and masculine " dog , so you could figure out what kind of people flock to them , and how they 're treated .
it 's both . shelters are often inundated with aggressive breeds , and they 're more willing to be lax on adoption requirements than on desirable breeds .
he likes to edge .
i 've been staring at my conditioner for quite a while now . it 's just not turning me on .
i 've been staring at my conditioner for quite a while now . it 's just not turning me on .
16 minutes and counting is he okay ?
it 's been 12 minutes hope he is doing well
it 's been an hour now . rip op .
i absolutely love the thought that he did all that work acting for it and then could n't figure out how to make the disk work
he was given that role as he was the first choice for the star trek character luther sloan from section 31 , the organisation cerberus was based on .
he was given that role as he was the first choice for the star trek character luther sloan from section 31 , the organisation cerberus was based on .
it was always weird to me because he 's voiced by martin sheen but i always thought he looked like michael douglas , and now i just imagine michael douglas is supposed to sound like martin sheen in every movie he 's in .
headcanon : tim was a direct descendent of eleanor bartlet .
i somehow read charlie sheen . the thought was weirdly amusing .
anything can be shut with a couple of layers of duct tape .
a red neck can also close it by holding the jaw closed between their chin and chest .
a red neck can also close it by holding the jaw closed between their chin and chest .
lesson : never skip jaw day
is this only the case for saltwater crocodiles ? can i try this on an alligator too ?
crikey !
not unless that 's some kind of euphemism
pudding is just their pet name for each other .
pudding is just their pet name for each other .
they did not , but everyone will still gag over this because south park .
no , but they packed fudge .
no . the closest they got to that was when heath ledger spit on jake gyllenhaal 's butthole .
yeah but apparently borat was filmed in poland
well his sister is number three prostitute . her vagine hang like sleeve of wizard .
well his sister is number three prostitute . her vagine hang like sleeve of wizard .
well , peter jackson , really . tolkien never connected his work with nz , jackson did .
let 's see him do a funny parody of an israeli coming to the us , with every single jewish stereotype thrown in ( which we know are not true at all ) . all in the name of comedy and poking fun . would n't we all love to watch that ?
and potassium !
actually laughed out loud . thanks for this .
haha you cheeky cunt , you removed your spurs flair eh
haha you cheeky cunt , you removed your spurs flair eh
awww !
another one bites the dust ..
i 'm not the only one envisioning stitch as the arsenalfantv lads am i ? particularly troopz
afterward " lol rekt "
admiral chad
admiral chad
days later the germans would review aerial footage taken of the battle and noticed several men on deck squatting and standing back up rapidly .
do n't be silly , i 'm still gunna send it
that 's so texas ! !
no , that 'd be a show about someone reading a book for 22 minutes
chinese restaurant was close .
chinese restaurant was close .
what 'd you do this morning ? that 's a show .
one episode was just them waiting to get a table at a chinese restaurant .
even nothing is something
i 'm pretty sure most people would agree with that .
i know i 'm going to get buried for this , i 'm prepared for the downvotes , here 's my very controversial opinion . please be gentle . ok , here goes ... ahem ... i do n't like ea and their business practices .
i know i 'm going to get buried for this , i 'm prepared for the downvotes , here 's my very controversial opinion . please be gentle . ok , here goes ... ahem ... i do n't like ea and their business practices .
except that 's nearly a fact . not much good comes from a studio once ea swallows them up .
gonna get downvoted to oblivion for this unpopular opinion : murder and rape are bad
downvoted for prefacing a popular opinion with " unpopular opinion " .
this seems to be the common theme in history : 1 . someone takes over a country and starts to fuck it up 2 . war to unfuck up the situation 3 . a generation later goto 1
the secrecy part resonates but i can t imagine the rest of it .
the secrecy part resonates but i can t imagine the rest of it .
but that was soooooooo long ago !
we have . america , however , is still working on it
those who fail history class are doomed to repeat it . those who take history majors are doomed to teach it .
sounds like our leaders
it ai n't me it ai n't me i ai n't no bin laden 's son
it ai n't me it ai n't me i ai n't no bin laden 's son
yeah , it 's only been happening since the dawn of humanity .
hey kids , do n't do as i do just do as i say . because that works s
that 's one way to interpret it . a more lenient interpretation would be " this particular struggle is important , so our generation has fought it . but i wouldnt want to see it mar multiple generations . "
good god , mel gibson was handsome
for me it was lynch 's elephant man , but if anyone is worthy of stepping into charles laughton 's shoes it 's hopkins .
for me it was lynch 's elephant man , but if anyone is worthy of stepping into charles laughton 's shoes it 's hopkins .
is that a more modern take of mutiny on the bounty ? we put much had to watch that growing up in australia .
this is an awesome movie !
mine was the fastest indian in the world
a shostakovich piece for rock band orchestra ? yes please !
i 'm not a musical fan usually but if shostakovich liked it , i want to see it ...
i 'm not a musical fan usually but if shostakovich liked it , i want to see it ...
eh , jesus christ superstar does n't hold up as well as other musicals imo . it is n't bad , but very much a product of the era in which it was written .
sounds like the kind of thing you say to be polite , never thinking somebody would take it literally .
there 's a reason wagnerian rock band ' laibach ' covers it : __url__
hence the term banana republic .
ring ring ring ring ring ring ring coup d ' tat
ring ring ring ring ring ring ring coup d ' tat
you mean the usa overthrew the government for 3 banana companies
if by banana companies you mean a cia sponsored coup then yeah , that happened .
they also overthrew the kingdom of hawaii for dole and friends .
why do it in that shit neighborhood where there was 0 chance of it working out ?
they did n't have the best tools or all the know how , but they did have a wheel barrow full of love . and a cement mixer full of hope , and some cement .
they did n't have the best tools or all the know how , but they did have a wheel barrow full of love . and a cement mixer full of hope , and some cement .
why did they paint it yellow instead of pink like in the show ? also the garage sticks out too far and does n't look like it has living space above it . it 's not a bad replica , but if you 're building a simpsons house from scratch why would n't you get it right ? i 'm so confused .
google street view has the house blurred out .
this article has photos of what the house looked like , prior to renovation . it 's both cool and really , really awful .
i particularly liked the early seasons ... when the adults would say some totally fucked up shit to the kids ( that was basically true , just never told out loud to kids ) ... and it would completely floor the guys .
i think it 's a great kids show because it 's very child like humor . omg swear words !
i think it 's a great kids show because it 's very child like humor . omg swear words !
south park starts off awesome , and only gets better . even now it 's still great , 20 seasons later .
took me a lot of years to actually sit down and watch it myself . when i finally did , i pretty much marathoned all of it .
it is perhaps the most clever comedy show out there
in the u . s . as well .
to be fair , dasani tastes like bottled semen so
to be fair , dasani tastes like bottled semen so
in fairness everything means semen in the right context . how bout i blast some cheerios all over your face . you know what i mean ...
which is weird that they did n't know that , since spunk has been slang fro semen since i was in high school back in the 80 ' s .
good ole peckham spring water
i feel like that 's the only way his show would work . i love it and he discusses some very important subjects sometimes but that means he can n't be limited because they 're getting money from a company which is involved in something he might talk about .
lol , yet he only criticizes one side of politics . freedom is wasted on some people .
lol , yet he only criticizes one side of politics . freedom is wasted on some people .
as funny and insightful as he is , there is a toxicity to his tone that puts me off .
this is also why hackers have little to no leverage over hbo when they threaten to release episodes early .
also free reign to build kick ass train sets .
here is milton friedman a response to it __url__
for decades asbestos was considered harmless , nobody knew it caused cancer and the marketing departments considered it a miracle material .
for decades asbestos was considered harmless , nobody knew it caused cancer and the marketing departments considered it a miracle material .
well to be fair , it 's easy to point to the victims of thalidomide , but the people who could have been saved by not delaying other drugs are typically less visible so there is always something of an unjustified bias in favor of extra caution .
from what i hear it 's similar being green .
perhaps we just think they should n't be patting themselves on the back during an opioid crisis of epic proportions , caused partly by their outright failure to call the makers of oxycontin on their claims of 12 hour efficacy , which led to it being prescribed like candy .
ibetitsjustastringofwordssothatitseasytorememberorsomenonsense .
a quote from someone i saw once on twitter " if youre not forgetting your password , your password isnt good enough . " i think 63 characters is pretty darn good .
a quote from someone i saw once on twitter " if youre not forgetting your password , your password isnt good enough . " i think 63 characters is pretty darn good .
for what ?
correcthorsebatterystaple
why ? ? ?
he did n't really " write " the story , so much as he exuded the raw essence of malice onto a stack of papers .
i 've written a bunch of short stories in a single night without editing . they were absolute garbage .
i 've written a bunch of short stories in a single night without editing . they were absolute garbage .
it feels very raw . it 's one of the most disturbing things i have ever read .
great writer , great story
i just went and found a pdf of this story . i loved it . thanks .
data plan ! lisa needs snapchat ! data plan ! lisa needs instagram ! data plan !
being a parent to a teen is paying your dues for being a teen . now you will suffer like your own parents did .
being a parent to a teen is paying your dues for being a teen . now you will suffer like your own parents did .
you described my oldest daughter from the time she was 11 . she 's 13 now . i 'm hoping the attitude burns out since it started early and i can start liking her again
yeah . i had to buy unlimited data . figured it was easier for me than killing a teenager . it gets easier . especially if you ever hear the sweet , sweet words " you were right " when they grow up ,
as an employee of verizon and a father of zero . thanks for keeping us in business .
all of the claims have been fairly well proven fraudulent . he was just a weird dude with some serious issues that made him an easy target .
there 's absolutely no evidence of that , actually
there 's absolutely no evidence of that , actually
no he was n't
proof ?
allegedly
n . c . i . s . boise .
lol
lol
the og one .
there 's only three currently running .
ncis yo momma
so mclovin was right
that was true about 20 years ago , too .
that was true about 20 years ago , too .
jesus is a common spanish language name because of the islamic conquest of spain .
til op has never watched superbad .
and the moral of the story is that muslims suck at thinking up names .
they are in fact doing well and are listed as " least concern " the furthest category from " extinct " .
in fact , pretty much the opposite this is in cambria , ca
in fact , pretty much the opposite this is in cambria , ca
do n't worry , we will n't let any get away next time .
but as far as these explorers were concerned they were the last 8 . this " dominion over nature " mentality that those european explorers 1400 1900 had really sucked .
still rude .
so the brits finally copied one of our shows and made it super shitty . feels good man .
yeah what s the deal ? i wanna learn that today !
yeah what s the deal ? i wanna learn that today !
have n't the yanks and poms been stealing each other 's scripts for years now ? from who 's the boss to shameless .
oh we fucked that one
this reminds me of the idea i had for a remake of friends . every character would be played by a developmentally disabled person . it would be called " special friends " . all the guest stars would reprise their roles , though .
my cocaine
you nailed it
you nailed it
needs to be nassalier .
tangerine
not alotta peepuhl know dat
an idiot ( meaning ' private ' ) was someone who 'd only be concerned to benefit his own ' private ' interests ... as opposed to working for a common good , that of the whole society or ' polis ' .
finally trump supporters have an excuse not to be called idiots anymore
finally trump supporters have an excuse not to be called idiots anymore

jeez i wish more people were idiots . at least when they try to conversate with me or make entertainment .
they were paid for voting ( for their time ) , so it kind of has todays meaning . those poor were idiots if giving up voting
to quote some guy i forget his name , " it was a very big deal "
both white and black people wanted to see if celebrity was actually more powerful than the law .
both white and black people wanted to see if celebrity was actually more powerful than the law .
my son was born that day during labor and delivery the obstetrician kept asking " do we really need that tv on ? "
oj did it
i was working when the verdict was read , on the way to a job in the work truck . i pulled over on the side of the road to listen to the verdict on the radio , and so did n't many others on the same road . it was weird that we did that , because we could of just kept driving .
from what i 've read , we 're capable of seeing uv light but our lens protects against and blocks it . uv light damages our vision , which is n't a problem with short lived animals but we 're not short lived .
this is partially incorrect . the lenses that replace your natural one are all uv filtered , because uv is damaging to our cells , and you do n't want to blast the retina with that . you can opt for a non uv blocking one , but it is not recommended for obvious reasons .
this is partially incorrect . the lenses that replace your natural one are all uv filtered , because uv is damaging to our cells , and you do n't want to blast the retina with that . you can opt for a non uv blocking one , but it is not recommended for obvious reasons .
but do n't grocery store scanners use infrared light ?
cheaper cataract lenses , yes . newer ones absorb uv .
it seems like it should be a whole new colour to them .
why is n't all jell o instant set jell o ?
tragically he died when the pop rocks factory developed a leaky roof .
tragically he died when the pop rocks factory developed a leaky roof .
i thought nasa invented tang .
tang is just about the most popular drink here in mexico , and comes in dozens of flavors , including mango , and tamarind . my favorite is peach
i hate tang . in the early 70s it came in a glass jar . my mom , single working mother , thought it was better for us than kool aid . but there was only one flavor , punk ass orange . i will never drink tang again .
eeeh , that 's not hugely new either . i 've heard they were replacing that .
yeah my dad works for a point of sales company and always complained about how long it was going to take the u . s to go to nfc when we were just now transitioning to the chip cards .
yeah my dad works for a point of sales company and always complained about how long it was going to take the u . s to go to nfc when we were just now transitioning to the chip cards .
nfc payments are still emv under the hood though . it 's just transmitted differently .
25 on finland . nfc o is a godsend it makes paying so much faster .
not a fan of nfc or anything wireless when it comes to money .
or people could just wrap it up and stop shitting too many kids out cause they 're bored .
what do you think the republicans are doing with their healthcare bill ?
what do you think the republicans are doing with their healthcare bill ?
we did that already , it was called world war 2
i 'm all for switching most of the worlds military complex from making war machines to making space ships and colonizing mars . i think a lot of humanities problems would be solved with this .
are you volunteering ?
and much like africa , it was the japanese who were selling their countrymen .
the portuguese were the first europeans to make contact with the japanese , so its not surprising honestly
the portuguese were the first europeans to make contact with the japanese , so its not surprising honestly
i find it interesting that the researchers seem to be all westerners with no japanese sources in the references .
interesting . makes me think about that movie silence
amazing what hat happens when you read
what ? boo is outraged ! see his fury ! it 's small , so look close . trust me , it 's there .
is it still worth playing for a first time today ? or would the out of date mechanics be frustrating . i 'm considering the enhanced edition and the sequel maybe ...
is it still worth playing for a first time today ? or would the out of date mechanics be frustrating . i 'm considering the enhanced edition and the sequel maybe ...
" do n't touch me , i 'm super important . " npc
i just bought 1 2 from steam . my youth shall return for a little while at least ! thanks for mentioning it !
and you can play it on an ipad . it 's lovely . not quite the same , though . nothing quite captures the old days in the 90 ' s , staring into a glowing crt monitor .
congogoer
' amy good gorilla . '
' amy good gorilla . '
con goer is a fairly universal term for people who attend conventions
oh my god , that 's so good . i love that reference , chaos .
then why did n't that person just use her sign language that scares away ugly gorillas ?
why did n't they always have a two child law ? that would keep population about constant , would n't it ? or were large parts of the population excempt from the law .
problem is that not so many people think globally , and are still having loads of kids , because tradition ( looking at you , africa ) .
problem is that not so many people think globally , and are still having loads of kids , because tradition ( looking at you , africa ) .
then the entire western world shitted on china 's one child policy as inhumane and anti freedom .
but now china has a massive elderly population and a small workers age population . it 's causing so many problems because the small working population is n't able to support the elderly population and it 's only getting worse .
problem is that they had a large number of boys and much fewer girls . this created a lot of problems and is why the changed it from one to 2 children .
that is fascinating .
this always makes me laugh __url__
this always makes me laugh __url__
i learned this from a book called rascal by sterling north , read it when i was super young and never understood why people hated raccoons growing up , they 're super smart .
there 's no water in the desert .
yep ! it 's waschb r in german .
do n't look up alaska unless you want your fucking mind blown .
it was a territory , and it was still a part of the usa . statehood came later . many states started out as territories . your title is misleading .
it was a territory , and it was still a part of the usa . statehood came later . many states started out as territories . your title is misleading .
fun fact . guam is not a state either . and it may also be attacked soon .
what ? over ? did you say over ? nothing is over until we decide it is ! was it over when the germans bombed pearl harbor ? hell no ! germans ? forget it , he 's rolling blutarsky
my great grandmother was born in montana territory , if someone attacked her town they would have considered it an attack on the usa .
careful making fun of cnn . do n't want them to blackmail you now .
stay tuned for a two hour expose and his parents full doxx .
stay tuned for a two hour expose and his parents full doxx .
i thought cnn was the plague .
cnn : america should accept the plague to solve global warming .
td is really shilling hard this past week .
" when i hear about schrodinger 's cat , i reach for my gun . " stephen hawking
i remember watching " the girl with the gifts " and glenn close plays a medical scientist . she uses " shrodingers cat " as some sort of foreshadowing dialogue to push the plot . but frankly i thought the whole thing was very stupid , since it was a film about zombies .
i remember watching " the girl with the gifts " and glenn close plays a medical scientist . she uses " shrodingers cat " as some sort of foreshadowing dialogue to push the plot . but frankly i thought the whole thing was very stupid , since it was a film about zombies .
yes ! every time i saw this i groaned and had to type out a paragraph explaining how you can n't extrapolate quantum phenomena to classical objects and ideas .
the thing about science is that it does n't matter if something seems absurd , it only matters if it falsifiable and tested . schrodinger 's feelings about his science do n't matter .
reminds me of one video from " the game theorists " . i think it was one about doctor strange . they basically took physics buzzwords and mixed them together . it was painful to watch . they do zero research on the topic ( they could at least ask an expert ) .
well a storey is a floor so 78 floors
in donuts ?
in donuts ?
depends on how long each story is . 20 pages each ? that 's bigass collection
my guess is approximately 1,560 ft . assuming 20 ft . from one level floor plate to the next .
exact 78 stories .
i like a bugs life ... it 's animation is leagues better and easier to watch ... antz was an interesting movie , but the characters are far less lovable
a bugs life , by a country mile . i still consider it one of pixar 's best , most resonant movies .
a bugs life , by a country mile . i still consider it one of pixar 's best , most resonant movies .
antz is on netflix right now if you have n't seen it . a bug 's life is not .
i prefer the start of antz , my god i loved that war scene
antz is way better . loved it as a kid and saw it recently and it still holds up . the old " find your path " clich but we 'll done .
this my shit .
b a n a n a n a ...
b a n a n a n a ...
actually i think you 're doing both .
bana .. bananana ... damn !
soooo . want me to holla back ?
there you go . thanks !
what a relief !
what a relief !
scrimshaw
sorry . not etchings . they are engravings , but not into wood . they are mostly likely engraved in copper . edit : that related article below is a perfect resource for understanding it .
would you like to come up and see my etchings ?
i m howling at how this is worded as if a floppy disk is 10,000 years old ! i feel so old right now ,
" floppy disks are like jesus . they died to become the icon of saving . "
" floppy disks are like jesus . they died to become the icon of saving . "
this post aged me .
this makes me feel old .
and the " phone call app " icon on your cell phone is for a telephone handset . who uses an actual telephone handset anymore ?
daniel day lewis would have started eating people for real though .
gilbert gottfried
gilbert gottfried
i always liked how brian cox played hannibal lecter in the 1986 movie manhunter . his portrayal seems to be the most believable if not the most entertaining . __url__
not as good but i would like to see what billy bob thornton or kevin spacey would ahave sounded like .
i always thought mads mikkelsen would of been pretty good .
even speedwagon is amuse ! !
and an reo speedwagon is a flat bed truck edit : type of truck
and an reo speedwagon is a flat bed truck edit : type of truck
thought this was a post from r stardustcrusaders for a moment .
meta as hell
__url__
why would the candy industry want halloween to fall under " daylight " savings " time " when trick or treating is supposed to be done after dark ?
now can we do the same with some turkey drumsticks , then candycanes , then little chocolate hearts , and finally easter bunnies ? with any luck we can extend daylight savings to cover the entire year !
now can we do the same with some turkey drumsticks , then candycanes , then little chocolate hearts , and finally easter bunnies ? with any luck we can extend daylight savings to cover the entire year !
love me some candy pumpkins and candy corn
should have filled them with money .
sweet sweet corruption .
right ? the chinese way could eliminate homelessness .
wait til you hear how nk solves the obesity problem .
wait til you hear how nk solves the obesity problem .
especially the homeless people !
they just followed the south park method . they took all their homeless to california .
i think they offered a shower , even a bar of soap !
wait . you 're telling me that the nutritional information .. the official nutritional information our government uses is n't strictly scientifical ?
and , adding insult to injury , the primary protein in milk , caseins , has been linked to promoting the growth of many common cancers . edit : spelling
and , adding insult to injury , the primary protein in milk , caseins , has been linked to promoting the growth of many common cancers . edit : spelling
and to help struggling cardiologists .
is cheese good for you ? at all ?
i heard on the radio a while ago , ( probably npr ) that the dairy lobby was behind the pizza hut stuffed crust " invention " .
man , what a great episode . when i get home from work i 'll re watch it on netfli ... oh wait
ouch oof owie
ouch oof owie
owie my bones
pancreatic cancer , pancreatic cancer ! you 're not looking at the big picture
just calm down , sir . you 're going to give yourself skin failure !
drink it !
brotein .
brotein .
crow tein . so you can fight like a crow !
fight milk ! caw
needs more crowtein
clutch or kick
" kill yourself , or die trying "
" kill yourself , or die trying "
die harder or die ?
death ? that a lot less work , outta give it a try .
die harder ?
i would love if there were somehow a contemporary written description of mammoths .
yeah but they were dwarf mammoths .
yeah but they were dwarf mammoths .
i wish we could bring back the mammoths and the dodo .
the fact that mammoths are extinct actually makes me pretty sad when i think about it . such an amazing animal !
you forgot the part where they were genetic messes .
let 's take a moment to remember all those redheads who were burnt , electrocuted , and under anesthetized to bring us this data .
i feel like this translates to elder scroll stats . weakness to fire , resistance to shock , lower damage resistance .
i feel like this translates to elder scroll stats . weakness to fire , resistance to shock , lower damage resistance .
they 're also 700 more likely to hurl a frying pan at you whilst screaming .
can confirm . am redhead . dentist has to practically numb my entire face . had a squamous carcinoma removed from my arm and the surgeon was surprised at how much more he had to give me .
it is a common misconception that red headed people do n't have souls . in fact , it 's actually the opposite they have a freckle for every soul they steal .
shoulda just declared it motorcycle only parking and called it a day
what 's so tricky about parking there . i do n't see it . honestly . except of course if the only way to do it is if you have to park the car in reverse ( trunk end ) first . oddly its the safest way to park and exit the spot . can any one clarify .
what 's so tricky about parking there . i do n't see it . honestly . except of course if the only way to do it is if you have to park the car in reverse ( trunk end ) first . oddly its the safest way to park and exit the spot . can any one clarify .
women do n't need these parking spots . they can just wheel the mini van up to the front door , in the no parking zone , and put on their flashers .
i must be missing something ... from the looks of their map layout you would just drive past the space and back in with the angle of the wall ? does n't seem difficult . should i mention i 'm a woman ? ...
i can n't believe they have a special black forest hat .
" find what you love , and let it kill you . " bukowski
better than dying from cancer .
better than dying from cancer .
he came to his end
" il voulait tre c sar , il ne fut que pomp e "
i was going to say " he forgot to come up for air " ... but i already read the article
not so good they also shattered against spanish steel .
yea . but then you dont have a weapon anymore once they break . they are super brittle .
yea . but then you dont have a weapon anymore once they break . they are super brittle .
it also defeats white walkers .
ow oof ouch my bones
and quite effective at killing white walkers .
blind luck more than sheer skill
unfortunately for him , they were n't trying to hit elephants .
unfortunately for him , they were n't trying to hit elephants .
i live in spotsy and that 's the most spotsylvania thing ever .
this guy sounds like a nightmare to serve under .
famous last words . " what are they gonna do , shoot me ? "
donald and melania trump ?
james and elise williams .
james and elise williams .
louis prima and keely smith . they had a whole cutesy act and a terrible relationship . __url__
keith richards and mick jagger are strictly professional
gilbert and sullivan quarreled frequently , and eventually had a massive falling out . their relationship , while not of friends , was often very strained .
they 'll say aw , topsy at my auuuuuutopsy
he did it just because he could s
he did it just because he could s
according to the article " it is unclear what input edison had in the electrocution " . whatever the case , he was an a hole .
__url__
still that was why he proposed the electric chair ( and had people riding around nyc wired up with dc lighting )
just incorporate that into the legend : " as a baby , paul bunyan was so large it took ten mothers to give birth to him . "
and if you believe neil gaiman , he originated in a new york marketing department . but who listens to neil ?
and if you believe neil gaiman , he originated in a new york marketing department . but who listens to neil ?
clearly was born in wausau . all the other states can suck it . and eau claire and stevens point can suck it too .
detroit what ! ! !
no matter where he was born , this is true : he had a huge cock .
and here i was thinking frank reynolds came up with an original idea .
" daddy gets mean when he drinks his diet coke ... "
" daddy gets mean when he drinks his diet coke ... "
block the wind while i roast this bone .
that why i always put my heroin into an epipen .
king of pop ... turns out it was actually wine .
religion is one helluva drug .
is the restriction that you can n't use electricity on the sabbath ? because if so , it seems counter productive to have elevators running non stop , because it would use more electricity than if they were running as needed .
is the restriction that you can n't use electricity on the sabbath ? because if so , it seems counter productive to have elevators running non stop , because it would use more electricity than if they were running as needed .
" will n't " is different than " can n't " .
is the restriction that you can n't use electricity on the sabbath ? because if so , it seems counter productive to have elevators running non stop , because it would use more electricity than if they were running as needed .
their god is a tough god . bet their kicking themselves about that whole jesus fiasco . he allows people to eat pork and be porked on sunday
i just want them all :(
i prefer them all , thank you . maybe some addition , but no subraction of amendments . and the whole muh mah thing is played out assuming everyone with a different viewpoint is a redneck idiot . brown , educated , urban liberal dude that s pro 2a .
i prefer them all , thank you . maybe some addition , but no subraction of amendments . and the whole muh mah thing is played out assuming everyone with a different viewpoint is a redneck idiot . brown , educated , urban liberal dude that s pro 2a .
the 9th amendment still covers self defense . jefferson was a lockean ( john locke ) . even if the constitution or its many amendments do not cover a specific fundamental right , you are given your rights by " nature or nature 's god " .
a lot of these guys are just itching to rescind the 15th .
damn . when you combine these two comments it reminds me how good they are at pretending the two parties are n't just one party .
42
six
six
about tree fitty .
how ever many , i am streets ahead of it .
2deep7me
i read it as gilbert gottfried . edit : 544 upvotes in 3 hours ? good gottfried !
also , yes .
also , yes .
bobcat goldthwait
what 's the difference
i read that again in morgan freeman 's voice and it make it 10x better
weird that the thumbnail is a pic of jefferson ...
yes , but how was his covfefe ?
yes , but how was his covfefe ?
also , his great great great grandson , richard garfield , invented magic : the gathering . a lineage of greateness .
and look where we are today now excuse me , i 'm going to go to starbucks and fuck some hookers .
man i can n't even write english with both hands t once
right in that meaty part of the curve .
frog is wrong .
frog is wrong .
the human fund ?
but you better study to be an architect .
it 's the summer of george baby !
who says texas does n't have any reasonable politicians ?
i 'm glad op clarified it as texas , usa .
i 'm glad op clarified it as texas , usa .
after visiting this area of texas , i 'm convinced it 's full of functional alcoholics who can n't make it anywhere else . very weird indeed .
i stayed at the resort where the goat is kept a few months ago . it 's a beautiful place .
best mayor any town in texas has ever had , it did n't impose its views on others , it did n't shoot anything and always ensured that no food or drink went to waste .
when the cops suspected he may have had a nuclear bomb in his car they took the car and put it in the parking lot of the police station . gotta love that logic .
sad that he never amounted to much . he could probably have done great ( or terrible ) things given the right education .
sad that he never amounted to much . he could probably have done great ( or terrible ) things given the right education .
did n't he die from like radiation kind of recently ?
a great podcast on him can be found here
if you had that initial thought , how would you even begin to plan the build ?
gotta make it sexy or you do n't eat .
i 'm a massive always sunny fan but thought that episode was a bit weak .
i 'm a massive always sunny fan but thought that episode was a bit weak .
oh my god . i did n't realize that they had definitely 100 gotten the idea from awesome o .
yeah i 'm the suckboy you 're looking for .
that was a hilarious episode .
i have two bathrooms and two kids still in the house . for mother 's day i want each one scrubbed blindingly bright and for no one to ask to use my computer . deal with your lag , child .
she should just be glad it was n't commercialized by the beer companies like almost all of the rest of the holidays , cinqo de mayo my ass .
she should just be glad it was n't commercialized by the beer companies like almost all of the rest of the holidays , cinqo de mayo my ass .
mothers day goes back further in history than the existence of the us .
i wonder how jesus feels about black friday ...
greedy mothers !
religion is fucking stupid
my fridge has sabbath mode .. when i first read it i thought it meant it would play some rock n roll .
my fridge has sabbath mode .. when i first read it i thought it meant it would play some rock n roll .
humans are strange .
you gotta admit , god was pretty thorough to have put that into the bible .
so you know how much work it takes to not do any work for a whole day ? :) you get where i am going with this right ? oxymoronic comes to mind . religious people are fun to laugh at .
how did the eagles rescue frodo from mordor and still find time to record hotel california ?
sean : " that is no eagle , but perhaps the strangest nazgul that i have ever seen . no matter , it dies ! run frodo , i 'll hold it off ! " draws sword and charges elija : " sean wait ! god damnit he 's worse than viggo ... "
sean : " that is no eagle , but perhaps the strangest nazgul that i have ever seen . no matter , it dies ! run frodo , i 'll hold it off ! " draws sword and charges elija : " sean wait ! god damnit he 's worse than viggo ... "
eagles trigger his ptsd from the napoleonic wars .
he probably just hates the fucking eagles , man .
sadly , only the men from the east had access to advanced rotary attack great eagles
so .. uhhh , has anyone smoked it yet ?
not from north america but i smelled a skunk when i was there and it smelled rather like that smoke as well . is that why it 's sometimes known as ' skunk ' ?
not from north america but i smelled a skunk when i was there and it smelled rather like that smoke as well . is that why it 's sometimes known as ' skunk ' ?
that 's a wolf ? that thing looks like a photoshopped fox .
that was some quick thinking , stoner zoo employee
the police would not go on a hunt for anything like that . trust me i 'm dutch .
yeah i heard about it , i can n't believe they might add red lines ! then jamaica will be left alone :(
they should add a second star to make a smiley face .
they should add a second star to make a smiley face .
the cited souce says nothing about july 2017 , and it was added in by an ip editor . might be vandalism . could anyone double check a verified source ?
i believe it was shut down by mauritania 's government beforehand .
i 'm curious about the star in front of the moon : anyone know why that is ? i 've seen that other places as well .
super man takes all the us and ussrs nukes to the moon for starters ...
the one with richard pryor is fuckin lit fam .
the one with richard pryor is fuckin lit fam .
the movie is called the quest for peace , that name in itself sucks
i saw it when i was eight , and i can assure you it was super fucking mega awesome . i do n't know how it holds up though . i mean , at the time it was one of 5 super hero movies that existed , so no matter what it was in the top five .
__url__
and could count on the general public to ridicule anyone who points this out . seems as though the magic may be wearing off .
or assassinating jfk
or assassinating jfk
they seem to practice utilitarianism , in which truly desipicable acts would be morally permissible if they achieve the greatest overall good .
there seems to be no source for this
that 's how the world works dude . it 's not all sunshine and cute puppy gifs . even the fbi is prone to do things that are wrong .
or " beyond reasonable doubt jesus is alive ! "
you have n't lived until you get laid
you have n't lived until you get laid
or " holy matrimony is between one man and one woman " ? ... i mean , technically they 're not wrong , but still .
you 're allowed to put anything on billboards ?
watch fox news ?
" i 'd rather push my bike than ride a huffy " was a phrase uttered by many kids in the 80 ' s and the 90 ' s . they were already doa years before they made their bed with walmart .
if your first inkling as a business owner is to outsource or move production overseas to avoid labor laws , then you deserve whatever fate finds you .
if your first inkling as a business owner is to outsource or move production overseas to avoid labor laws , then you deserve whatever fate finds you .
walmart preys on its suppliers . that is not a sustainable business practice .
i do n't know anything about this situation , and i 'm not a business owner . serious question : why continue to sell through a channel that is n't profitable ? if selling through walmart is basically giving away your product , why not just find another avenue ?
i used to have a huffy as a kid . no wonder i have n't heard from them in years . it 's awe inspiring to just realize it took too long to know that it went bankrupt .
well in germany they are treated well in a shelter . also , i assume they do n't have the back yard breeder problem . should be illegal in my opinion .
ive been to some shelters here and they are not that bad . certainly better than dying .
ive been to some shelters here and they are not that bad . certainly better than dying .
it is , since the animal shelters in germany are n't as disgusting as in other places of the world .
most dogs do not stay there for years . in my experience only very troubled dogs stay there for so long . trained or trainable dogs without major aggression are usually out within weeks .
we adopted from such a shelter . also , the cages used are quite big and have natural ground .
calculated
fuck why did i laugh so hard at that
fuck why did i laugh so hard at that
we 're already dead m8 ... please
listen here you little shit
__url__
i 'd like to buy your rock
360triplescope , i wanna buy your rock
360triplescope , i wanna buy your rock
i 'd like you to demonstrate that rock in a tiger cage .
third and somewhat controversial national security ? i see people complaining about nothing being done about terrorist attacks , but if they knew how many plots the national security and government killed off they 'd be surprised .
read that as tiger repellent cock . i like my way better .
that would make sense since nasa only employed the best of the best pilots .
why were both sides competing ?
why were both sides competing ?
this is similar to how the top gun school was created .
a former phantom aviator told me the phantom was an experiment in whether you could make a brick fly if you put a large enough engine on it . not sure exactly what he meant but i suspect more effort was put into designing the engine than the plane .
partially because nasa 's upgraded crusader was faster and more maneuverable .
that looks like english to me .
i 've heard it as " no snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible . "
i 've heard it as " no snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible . "
the hematologists have a saying : the single blood cell never feels responsible for the blood .
this is a good example of this saying
the avalanche has already started . it is too late for the pebbles to vote .
this stuff is pretty common . ancient egyptian pharaohs even had someone who 's job was to specifically deal with any health concerns of the pharaohs anus . the royalty just did n't deal with the dirtier parts of life when you had people lining up to offer themselves to do the task
of course you knight the guys that are wiping your ass , who the fuck else is more loyal than that .
of course you knight the guys that are wiping your ass , who the fuck else is more loyal than that .
they deserved knighthood . dealing with that fat fuck s ass must have been terrible .
do n't laugh it was a coveted duty gig at court . when access to the monarch was sought after , many would gleefully taken a position that entailed a great deal of face time with the king .
wait , i thought everyone had these grooms . don t you have a groom of the stool ?
that 's humanity for you .
to be fair it 's better stingrays than snow leopards or white rhinos .
to be fair it 's better stingrays than snow leopards or white rhinos .
they just wanted to ride , eat and kill a sting ray . just needed an excuse .
trust me , anyone that fishes knows that this is common regardless of who 's just died . people catch a stingray thinking it 's a big fish , then mutilate it out of spite for wasting their time .
sounds like the horus heresy all over again
til i should n't read my batman 's orgin story to my kid .
researcher in this general area here and am familiar with this study . this wikipedia page is really off the boy who cried wolf did n't work to decrease lying , but it did n't increase lying relative to a control condition .
researcher in this general area here and am familiar with this study . this wikipedia page is really off the boy who cried wolf did n't work to decrease lying , but it did n't increase lying relative to a control condition .
myths have always had a profound impact on our values . the stories we tell inform who we become .
ironically , the cherry tree story is actually a lie from a pseudo biographer
here 's one interesting view
you should work with children .
or inside your ear
or inside your ear
i heard of eye bleach but this shits getting out of hand
and the ones that do n't leave before you wake burrow really deep , so you do n't feel them .
i 've had friends with small wounds on their lips saying they had been bitten moi m by roaches in their sleep . i still refuse to belive it . maybe my roaches had better things to eat . because there was so many of them , they would have rear end me whole .
there was a big rollout of chip cards to replace non chipped ones a year ago and so most people have them by now but , the readers have been much slower to roll out and there are still lots of places that do n't have them . costco just recently got them .
a massive roll out started about a year or two ago .
a massive roll out started about a year or two ago .
today you learned
they were rolled out last year . there are still a few companies where the strip is allowed but they 're on a time limit .
you just made me check the cards in my wallet . they all have a chip . i 'm sure i can n't say the same for everyone else in the u . s . though .
kill it before it get 's big . i mean , makes sense to me .
if you marry a fish , scale down your expectations .
if you marry a fish , scale down your expectations .
ed .. ward .. o ?
wait , if she were a fishwife would n't her fish baby would be legitimate ?
steam it like you mean it with premium hoi sin sauce
__url__
first one on the list .
first one on the list .
not peaches apparently .
seeds , the trees are talking too : o
elephants . cats . parrots ...
do n't forget he had spaniards dress in french uniforms so he would n't have to see black frenchmen from africa march
da ' gall of de gaulle .
da ' gall of de gaulle .
what a fucking dick move .
well there was the attack on the french navy at mers el kebir but still ... ungrateful . __url__
he was also a dick for trying to separate quebec from canada .
yeah exactly , these guys were the top pilots in the country , used to be a requirement .
you said " employee " d " do they no longer do this ?
you said " employee " d " do they no longer do this ?
let 's not forget the alien technology
imagine being so good that the navy is your smurf account .
it has very little to do with the pilots , it has to do with the superior capabilities of the aircraft . it can fly higher and faster , and therefore can go where the phantom could not follow .
well that 's reassuring
that sounds terrifying ...
that sounds terrifying ...
yup , we use a rolled up newspaper and edge towards it .
nice , i wonder if that 's what 's behind all those spontaneus combustion reports .
my first thought on the matter
throw away scenario for this post person 1 : " who 's ferrets are these ? " person 2 : " i do n't know . none of my business . "
serious business .
serious business .
and a group of haughty ferrets is called a mind your own business .
does anyone else think having different names for different groups of animals is stupid ? let 's just call everything " a group of " or " a herd of " and be done with it .
now that s the business !
in contrast , we had no issues with chatwheel . oh , give it back .
when you buy heroes that you like because they have a funny voiceline but you get perma 'd for using it jebaited
when you buy heroes that you like because they have a funny voiceline but you get perma 'd for using it jebaited
" harass through voice lines " , what kind of lines are there ? !
toxicity holds the game development
it sounds like blizzard needs a reinvention of the wheel .
i do n't think it 'd be that hard to be immersed in the time period . even as a 12 year old , i do n't remember reading romeo and juliet and being like , " damnit , why do n't they just pick up a phone and tell him the plan ? ! "
it holds up pretty well . i just rewatched it all and it 's hilarious still .
it holds up pretty well . i just rewatched it all and it 's hilarious still .
or forward slashes
modern tv has n't even adapted for this . so many plots in shows written today would be immediately solved with a 30 second phone call .
i mean ... no .
the important question is , what kind of clothing would they sell you ?
a ... banana republic ?
a ... banana republic ?
a clothing store
there 's always money in the banana republic
a banana republic .
must be 50 hours of extra content , best extended edition ever .
he also talks about it in the extra material .
he also talks about it in the extra material .
do people watch the show with the commentary on often ? or do you solely watch the commentary feature to listen to the commentary ? i do n't know how to ask the question i want an answer to .
the cast commentary is bloody brilliant .
it 's unreal , if i had to chose between the standard films , and all the extras in the dvd lotr extended box set i 'd chose the other stuff , you start watching it and then boom 4 hours went by . i 've seen the movies plenty and theyre always on tv , this is what ya pay for .
2 3 days kamikaze friend
1:1 japanese relief box logo
1:1 japanese relief box logo
w2c
2 3 days friend
can i see the stitching on the wash tag ?
pho sure
pho bich nga
pho bich nga
pho puns
it 's all soup . liquid is not the only part of a soup , but it is a defining quality .
faux soup .
so you 're ' on par ' with paul ryan 's tax cuts for rich people funded by cutting poor peoples ' healthcare as a fiscal policy ?
given that republicans are responsible for 90 of our national debt you should probably stop being on par with republican fiscal ideologies they are kinda playing you for a fool
given that republicans are responsible for 90 of our national debt you should probably stop being on par with republican fiscal ideologies they are kinda playing you for a fool
one that 's actually conservative , preferably . everyone 's up in everyone else 's faces trying to control everyone 's lives , how about we just back the fuck off and let people do what they want and keep corporations from destroying people like the good old monopoly busting days ?
they lose me everywhere . the republicans have tripled the deficit with their massive tax cuts and spending increases .
why are you on board with taxing rich people even less ?
he shot all three bullets in the air to attract the japanese , then killed all 8 by swinging at them with his massive penis .
the movie will n't show what happened . it will remain a mystery but imply that a lot of badassery went down .
the movie will n't show what happened . it will remain a mystery but imply that a lot of badassery went down .
careful there . that would be 5 japanese .
and then he taught lyndon b . johnson his secrets ?
killed two with his bare hands , strangled there with his socks , smashed two heads together , and the other one died of fright . then he ate the bullets for lunch .
i think they stay the size of whatever container you keep them in
add a little bit of lemon , keep it in the oven for 30 45 minutes , put some garnish beside it ...
add a little bit of lemon , keep it in the oven for 30 45 minutes , put some garnish beside it ...
kill it before it get is big .
gets
she tried going to planned poseidon but they have had their funds cut .
he could have won the war right then and there if he 'd just had enough .
plot twist : he may have asked for eight bullets , but only received three bullets because they were all low on ammo .
plot twist : he may have asked for eight bullets , but only received three bullets because they were all low on ammo .
that 's all a 1911 will hold .
he should have told them to give him a fully loaded machine gun .
the standard issue pistol held 7 in the magazine and 1 in the chamber so that 's probably where 8 came from .
hand me downs are the worst .
some of them would then govern from the shadows . " retired emperor " is an unofficial position with none of he ceremony and all of the benefits .
some of them would then govern from the shadows . " retired emperor " is an unofficial position with none of he ceremony and all of the benefits .
so just like japan 's corporate culture ?
can someone explain why there was a massive controversy about the current emperor trying to abdicate ? it seemed like it was n't even legally possible , hence the need for a new law as linked in another comment . was this just since the prussian influences in the 1870s ?
is n't the latest one the oldest who ever took the throne ?
seaman guzzler ! report !
the ones located just above the poop deck ?
the ones located just above the poop deck ?
why not both ?
eh . fuckit . have an upvote . to che .
this guy gets it .
maybe using his wealth ( and access to a private jet ) to get on multiple organ donor lists in different regions so he could steal a liver from someone else who would have probably followed his doctors orders and survived instead of dieing shortly after .
for him ? probably not destroying google or bill gates before he went .
for him ? probably not destroying google or bill gates before he went .
he had pancreatic cancer , one does not walk out of that one . best case scenario you live 5 to 10 years , worse case scenario you do n't see next year . edit : i 'm an idiot . his even if the cancer was were the untreatable is , he had the pretty rare actually curable cancer .
dying needlessly because you clinch to ballooney science , while you are the ceo of one of the most famous technological company in history .
he did n't spend enough on hookers and drugs ?
oh honey
they made a new one like 5 years ago that 's more scientific .
they made a new one like 5 years ago that 's more scientific .
i 'm sorry you had to learn this way , but nearly everything the government uses isnt scientifical . emphasis on the word nearly though . conservatives enter the thread " i knew global warming was a hoax ! ! ! " aaaand that 's why we say nearly .
my daughter says the milk at her school tastes bad . she refuses to drink the milk offered with lunch .
you 'd be surprised how many things are marketing and not based on anything . " breakfast is the most important meal of the day , " right ? pr campaign .
did they interview the hawk or something and it just told them , " sorry mate , thought his head was a rock . "
ironically he also coined the phrase " it 's turtles all the way down . " not really
ironically he also coined the phrase " it 's turtles all the way down . " not really
karl pilkington was right .
why not just live in a home without shelves and stuff ? seems like this tragedy could have been avoided .
til terry pratchett made a reference to this in minor gods .
his father was english and his mother was american . he said he found it funny that he 's english and african american because when he was growing up every american musician emulated british music and every british musician emulated black music .
lemmy from mot rhead too .
lemmy from mot rhead too .
his mother used to make costumes for bowie , so i 've read .
outstanding hotpot , though
you should go to east anglia if you think lancashire is the biggest shithole in england mate .
__url__
" hey , subscriptions are up ! wonder why ... oh shit . "
" hey , subscriptions are up ! wonder why ... oh shit . "
thought i read somewhere that the artist gradually drew ' em bigger each time until they finally noticed .
should drawn them bigger then i guess .
trolling the editor
you 're such a taurus .
actually , i get you , but that 's how we achieve science .
actually , i get you , but that 's how we achieve science .
you could have just checked their tea leaves or read there palms .
without the double blind study , you 're making baseless claims . just like the astrologists . providing ecidence is the difference between facts and bullshit . it does n't matter which side you 're on , if you do n't have evidence then you 're full of shit .
go home hermione
the founder starring michael keaton explains all this .
incredibly smart business model in that regard .
incredibly smart business model in that regard .
mcdonald 's is apparently the second biggest landlord in the world . number 1 ? the vatican .
do mcdonald 's own all properties of all restaurants franchises in all countries they are located ? personally i doubt that and would think it globally would be bad business to do so .
heb does the same thing . they make more money from their property then they do their stores
i would say too many cooks spoils the broth but i guess too many cooks creates a michelin three star restaurant .
it 's a heston blumenthal restaurant , he is well known in the uk , he has many resteraunts and they are all very expensive but also on the cutting edge so to speak of gastronomy .
it 's a heston blumenthal restaurant , he is well known in the uk , he has many resteraunts and they are all very expensive but also on the cutting edge so to speak of gastronomy .
big whoop , bennyhana does the same thing .
most really high end michelin rated restaurants employ around as many people in the kitchen as people can sit in the dining room . if there was another way , these guys would do it , but it takes that many people to run a restaurant like this unfortunately .
i 've eaten there ! well ... the pub opposite ... that they also own ... so i have n't really eaten there
criminal proceedings have absolutely no effect on a civil case . they have completely different standards . the parents did n't have criminal charges brought against them but here we are in a thread about all the money they paid out in civil lawsuits .
not even remotely true , but thanks for the laugh .
not even remotely true , but thanks for the laugh .
tell that to o . j .
no it would n't .
thanks mr . lawyer for your expert opinion .
edison believed obituaries should be positive . tesla believed that obituaries were better when they alternated between positive and negative .
if tesla died first and this til was about a nasty obituary edison wrote for him , the contempt in this thread would be off the charts .
if tesla died first and this til was about a nasty obituary edison wrote for him , the contempt in this thread would be off the charts .
the internet ruined tesla for me . i do n't care what got stolen from him , nothing is worse than the 1000 page neck beard dissertations given any time someone mentions edison . at this point i 'm glad he got robbed
we have all flaws . nikola tesla died dirt poor and died alone .
yeah fuck edison , he stole a lot of teslas inventions
it means someone is n't a poor bitch like the rest of us
someone liked my comment so much that he decided to spend some money supporting reddit )
someone liked my comment so much that he decided to spend some money supporting reddit )
the jews did this .
someone gave him reddit gold lol
nice try .
sounds like they 've been cajun up a lot of people down there .
laissez les bon temps roulez .
laissez les bon temps roulez .
so they 're good at locking people up , just not murderers .
makes me wonder if this is partially to blame . __url__
we need rust cohle to get back to work
shit . we 've been discovered . everybody scatter !
his memes have substantially longer lives than his characters
his memes have substantially longer lives than his characters
one does not simply walk into mordor
long life online , short life on screen .
__url__
dumb . should be kermit the fog .
i feel like it should be carl instead of karl for carl sandburg . makes me think of his poem " the fog comes on little cat feet . "
i feel like it should be carl instead of karl for carl sandburg . makes me think of his poem " the fog comes on little cat feet . "
coral ! ! !
i " ve never heard this before . we just call it summer .
kaaaaaarrrl ! that kills people !
because the numbers start at william the conqueror
__url__ looks like they simply did n't use the numbers in pre conquest england
__url__ looks like they simply did n't use the numbers in pre conquest england
edward the confessor was the third king of england called edward , after alfred the great 's son edward ( the elder ) and edward the martyr .
first floor first century i 'm guessing it 's similar thinking .
edward zero .
so not much longer than a humans but on a giant dinosaur . ya they 're right it 's not oddly proportioned at all .
oh shit , op is a t rex calling for a ceasefire of t rex memes
oh shit , op is a t rex calling for a ceasefire of t rex memes
t rex are like the guy thats always saying his dick is 1 meter long and heavily muscled , with biceps capable of lifting several hundred pounds alone , but we all know you have a problem kevin . we all know .
like a meathead that skips leg day ...
if you had a head that big , your arms would be tiny in comparison to your body too . it 's all weight ratio for balance .
did you just confuse glorious nation of kazakhstan with asshole uzbekistan ?
oh fucking hell i 'd forgotte nabout that . fucking shameful , what they did .
oh fucking hell i 'd forgotte nabout that . fucking shameful , what they did .
" the spoof song praises kazakhstan for its superior potassium exports and for having the cleanest prostitutes in the region . " ahahaha that 's terrible
i need a link to this .
the most american comment in this thread .
imagine cold war with alaska beeing still russian .
shame , would have been fun if we owned that too
shame , would have been fun if we owned that too
by far , the worst estate sale in the written history .
seward 's folly it was called . the purchase was unpopular with americans also .
as a canadian , i always wondered why we did n't own that part of our mainland ... i guess if they sold it to us , it would have been like selling it to the british . cuz , you know , on ebay we might have gotten it by sniping at the last second .
deep underwater in a cramp pressurized tube breathing the same recycled air .
my dad did for 26 years . then finally took a desk job for 3 more before retiring . but being 6 ' 5 and working in subs took such a toll on his body he 's getting like 90 disability now that he 's out
my dad did for 26 years . then finally took a desk job for 3 more before retiring . but being 6 ' 5 and working in subs took such a toll on his body he 's getting like 90 disability now that he 's out
yeah i mean just look at us on r til
i 've been on this sub for awhile now and do n't plan on leaving anytime soon
we have nukes in the surface world , too . they 're not just on subs . who do you think runs the reactors on our carriers ?
the general idea of a benevolent dictatorship works , but like communism the reality and applicability of it quite different .
meh , everyone wants a moderate dictatorship because everyone wants their party to rule forever .
meh , everyone wants a moderate dictatorship because everyone wants their party to rule forever .
so , you 're telling me that you do n't have to be all that bright to fall out of a space vessel ?
we 'd need a vetinari to make it work , but no one is that on the ball .
why jumping out of a really high ballon would make anyone think someone has a certain political outlook is beyond me .
it 's not even the right color .
the website has a " share to myspace " function . i feel like i discovered a time capsule .
the website has a " share to myspace " function . i feel like i discovered a time capsule .
i visited ' the simpsons ' house when i was a kid ! !
why do shitty websites insist on hosting images on their shitty website ?
that website is really , really awful .
there 's an old love hate relationship there . damn you , fuel gauge ...
i loved river raid . probably my favorite along with chopper command and pitfall .
i loved river raid . probably my favorite along with chopper command and pitfall .
loved that game when i was a kid ! my brother and i would play it endlessly . there 's a version for the iphone if anyone is reminiscing : __url__ not bad for a phone app :)
i want to upvote this a hundred times ! 38 here as well . loved that game !
that was the first video game i ever played .
lorne michaels was n't in that .
head ! pants ! now !
head ! pants ! now !
look at the size of that boys head ! it 's like an orange and a toothpick !
she was a thief , you would n't believe , she stole my heart and my cat .
100 one of my faves
til yoda is estonian
grammatically correct , his style already is . standard , it is not .
grammatically correct , his style already is . standard , it is not .
estonian and other uralic languages are n't so strict with word orders like english is , so almost any word order can be used in a sentence and it would still be grammatically correct .
estonian i am , hrm . it 's about time you learnt , the way i speak , yes .
yoda does n't always talk out of order . several moments in the original trilogy , he speaks normal . i think they overplayed the weird speaking in the prequels , which resulted in some really stupid wisdom coming from yoda .
there are a lot of insane stats on that page .
instead of going on a long rant the next time anyone wants to argue against the big four , i 'll just link to this page . thanks op . ps the people who compiled all this stuff are my heroes . thanks wikipedia
instead of going on a long rant the next time anyone wants to argue against the big four , i 'll just link to this page . thanks op . ps the people who compiled all this stuff are my heroes . thanks wikipedia
and this is why it 's the big 4 , and not the big three , or the big 5 . andy may be fourth , but the picture does not look the same if you exclude him .
til federer and murray never played each other on clay .
nice find , it seems crazy that the last time federer was world 1 was when he was 28 ... 8 years ago . and that he is actually in with a chance at returning to 1 this year !
i am the very model of a scientist salarian
i love that song , including the version with alternate lyrics from the pirate movie .
i love that song , including the version with alternate lyrics from the pirate movie .
it took me a bit to realize you were n't talking about hamilton ... wow i 'm addicted
... levar burton ?
... the venerated virginian veteran ?
classic hitchens title , lol man we needed that guy screaming at things in 2017 more than ever
just re read that recently . highly recommend .
just re read that recently . highly recommend .
i heard papa doc 's real name was clarence
thanks for the tip , just ordered that book .
anybody interested in finding out more i also recommend mother teresa : the untold story by aroup chatterjee in addition to the hitchens book .
and alaska can cover a good chunk of the continental us
the u . s . is big , really big .
the u . s . is big , really big .
can we just copy and paste this entire link every time the why doesn t america just build more public transportation argument comes up ?
not if germany takes alsace lorraine back
the stars at night
beliedat
drops mic
drops mic
boooooooooooooo cole : listen to the electric wwe universe imitating reigns signature ' ooooooooaaaaahhh ' battle cry , they sure do love the big dawg !
he 's the cook . he 's the man who killed gus fring .
ipso facto , he 's both and none at all
or el sonidito
i prefer this one
i prefer this one
not offensive perhaps , but imagine you just one the grand prix , you deserve better . you earned that national anthem
molotov is such a great band
i never knew jarabe tapatio was supposed to be offensive . if i 'm at a party and this song starts playing , no one would be embarrassed or find it funny . the guy was probably just offended that it was the incorrect song
do moobs count ?
you can have boobs and not be attractive
you can have boobs and not be attractive
um look up nickis videos before she got mainstream . skinny as a pole . she had no tits or ass .
does having small moobs count ?
yes , still no luck
pete was so underrated as a character . he cared juuuust enough but not too much .
so you are saying that pete had a good grasp of the peter principal and places himself in a position prior to his level of incompetence ?
so you are saying that pete had a good grasp of the peter principal and places himself in a position prior to his level of incompetence ?
there 's power in mediocrity .
i 've actually turned down a management role because i do n't want the responsibility of managing people . the extra 10k year is n't worth the extra stress to me .
i keep confusing 30 rock with 3rd rock from the sun . in my head i kept thinking who the hell is pete hornberger .
italy was far less compliant to nazi pressure to deliver jews than probably any other occupied nation , afaik .
there is a documentary on netflix about him and other italians that helped jews hide escape during wwii . it is called " my italian secret the forgotten heroes . "
there is a documentary on netflix about him and other italians that helped jews hide escape during wwii . it is called " my italian secret the forgotten heroes . "
twist : he really was training and jews were the only people willing to be weights in his wagon .
to be fair , jews were pretty light back then .
corri gino corri !
you could n't wait to share that
that 's cool ! are your username , ssn , dob the same thing as well ? ?
that 's cool ! are your username , ssn , dob the same thing as well ? ?
all i see is
i tried this once and could n't remember how i phrased it and almost lost my yahoo account .
tries to log into your account
it 's like that old russian proverb : " everything 's okay with enough vodka "
dare me to drive ?
dare me to drive ?
i just drank a fifth of vodka ! dare me to drive ?
dare me to drive ?
every morning
holy crap i want her tricycle thing
this painting is just super surreal to me , it looks like something straight outta bioshock , as dumb as that sounds .
this painting is just super surreal to me , it looks like something straight outta bioshock , as dumb as that sounds .
awesome , good eye .
handlebar mustachio guys still ride them . some cool pics too .
good find
and is not generally considered appropriate for an obituary .
that does n't make it better .
that does n't make it better .
i too learned this 3 days ago .
why do people hate it ?
i actually just learned this the other day while watching pawn stars . it was one of those questions they ask before going to commercial break . they only attributed it to watchmen , though .
is antz considered a mockbuster then ?
a bugs life was pixar , before they were bought by disney . i think that disney , through buena vista , was the distributor of the movie .
a bugs life was pixar , before they were bought by disney . i think that disney , through buena vista , was the distributor of the movie .
jeff katzenberg is a fuckin twat . there 's a reason he did n't get that position .
bugs life is significantly better , saw them both as adults . ants is kind of ass .
ah , so which is the better film ?
be sure to celebrate by registering him to vote !
are you sure that is not a cat ?
are you sure that is not a cat ?
that is a really old dog . you should check to see if he is a record breaker .
twins
hopefully .
my dad 's last words , " you wont believe what i 'm seeing right now . " and then he fell over dead .
sending you and your mom my best wishes . hugs .
sending you and your mom my best wishes . hugs .
i hope your mom is okay buddy .
i hope she gets better soon .
hang in there ! give mom a kiss .
it 's amazing how refutable this is , yet you went for it anyway . ballsy .
yea because he 's just a mentally ill nutjob . edit : also you forgot alt right neo nazi , white supremacist , kkk member .
yea because he 's just a mentally ill nutjob . edit : also you forgot alt right neo nazi , white supremacist , kkk member .
you are a fkn idiot , anything that has a muslim person in it , is reported much more and is blamed on the religion . this white guy is even being blamed on a possible convert to islam , thats how obsessed the media and govt is to islam .
obvious troll is obvious
ahahahahahahahaha
you sound like a shill for big children .
as a mother of a 4 year old and a 1.5 year old who have just had two friends each round to the house , there 's not enough wine in the world . send supplies .
as a mother of a 4 year old and a 1.5 year old who have just had two friends each round to the house , there 's not enough wine in the world . send supplies .
yeah , kids are fine . teenagers on the other hand ...
as a father of two girls , do n't have girls
as a single 25 year old , kids are terrible .
i love how there 's 4 billboards for xcite ! and somewhere in the middle is one saying " porn destroys love " with some bible verse on the other side
fuuuuck , as a wisconsinite i did n't realize that was a wisconsin thing , and not just ... a thing .
fuuuuck , as a wisconsinite i did n't realize that was a wisconsin thing , and not just ... a thing .
you 're so right ! i stayed in fondy for 6 months last year .
good ol ' fondle sac , wi
the lion 's den !
quit telling your stupid story about the stupid desert , and just die already ! die !
2 for sack lunch i wonder if they got shrunk down or are in a giant sack ?
2 for sack lunch i wonder if they got shrunk down or are in a giant sack ?
why did n't you say so in the first place ? you 're fired .
sack lunch though ...
enjoy .. blame it on the rain ?
well the french revolution was 1789 to 1799 so they 'd have to have been invented 9 years before
french consider fries to be belgian . we do n't know why you think they 're french . then again we do n't know why you do most things .
french consider fries to be belgian . we do n't know why you think they 're french . then again we do n't know why you do most things .
the united states backs the paris street vendor version due to not wanting to have to change the name .
took quite a long time to add gravy and cheese to it .
but the french revolution started in 1789 .
yep , a big farm will dispose of a human in hours ... bones and all .
probably due to their intelligence . they do n't have predatory instincts , but they can figure it out .
probably due to their intelligence . they do n't have predatory instincts , but they can figure it out .
humans , although not true carnivores , are competent predators and can kill and eat helpless pigs unable to escape them . not a vegetarian . just saying .
good way to dispose of bodies pigs are
that 's some pig .
my brother happens to have a fema marked trailer in his shed right now . was given to him by a buddy who lived in it for years while working in williston , nd . no idea how he got it or from who .
it dissipates greatly over time . the risk is highly overrated .
it dissipates greatly over time . the risk is highly overrated .
there 's a hotel and rv park business in new orleans that actually rents these trailers out to guests . they tried to get me to stay in one .
saw a whole new batch of " emergency housing " headed down i 75 yesterday while returning home . i think i 'd rather live in a tent without air conditioning here in the south than trust those things .
well in their defense those trailers are supposed to be used for a weekend or 2 a year and spend the rest of the time in the driveway , backyard , or a storage place .
now i want an office space remake set in 18th century aristocratic france .
staples must have been some important business back then .
staples must have been some important business back then .
can you imagine being commoner in those days dreaming of a more efficient way to keep a selection of papers together ? knowing that the king just lapping in organizational efficiency .
ah yes , inscribed with the insignia of the royal court : " swingline "
of course in those days they were n't used for papers ...
as guy with a slightly older sister i think that might fuck me up as much as my mom dying , i mean you kind of expect to see your parents die but seeing your sibling die when you 're nowhere close must be painful
having an older mom is gonna fuck me up too . my mom is almost 70 and i 'm only in my early 20s . not looking forward to it .
having an older mom is gonna fuck me up too . my mom is almost 70 and i 'm only in my early 20s . not looking forward to it .
upvote for the speling edit
randomly chose to look at comments . found my next audio book . thank you .
he also got a blowjob from adriana laserva
... when was the last time you watched jurassic park ? great effects , amazing for the time , but they definitely do n't hold up under scrutiny .
i do n't like the humans in that movie , they look too real
i do n't like the humans in that movie , they look too real
when they are running in that field . the " they do move in herds " part . those dinos looked janky now a days .
the dinos do n't look great in the daylight ( specifically the braciosaurus in the park ) , but the rainy night scenes cover most imperfections of the 20 year old technology . it 's still incredible
watch it in 4k hd , it starts to break down a little but still very impressive even by today 's standards .
for the lazy
then in 2006 massa won it first time out in a ferrari . typical .
then in 2006 massa won it first time out in a ferrari . typical .
twice in a row , massa is retiring from his f1 career at the brazilian grand prix .
too bad for a number 2 driver . s
did n't realise it was that chronic . 2003 was really one to pull at the heart . especially with james allen 's commentary at the time .
nice knowing you buddy .
__url__ here you go .
__url__ here you go .
i guess this is farewell then .
last
have fun living in labor camp !
once again i learn that i was born in the wrong era ...
i 'm greek and i 'm offended
i 'm greek and i 'm offended
so on the right foot my second toe is longest but on my left foot my third ? toe is longest
til : the mutants have been among us for a long time .
__url__
ya , that woman is a hell of a success story .
like her or not . still gotta respect her .
like her or not . still gotta respect her .
as traumatic and horrible as the stillbirth must have been , if she 'd had a live baby , she probably would n't be the success she is today . becoming a parent at 14 rarely leads to oprah 's kind of status .
her mother was a real piece of work .
she lived the color purple , got damn .
legend
reminds me of the attacks on the press that he made standing next to clinton . clinton laughing his ass off the whole time .
reminds me of the attacks on the press that he made standing next to clinton . clinton laughing his ass off the whole time .
i wish our nations got along . imagine the joint parties we would throw
when he was mayor of st petersburg , vladimir putin visited dc and drank at kelly 's irish times on f street .
which pizza place ?
you might wanna tag a " s " on the end there . i think people actually believe you ( if you believe him , this ai n't the case ) .
you feel like being a liar bot created by u goal 1
you feel like being a liar bot created by u goal 1
thanks , ken m
by leaving only one , you just increase its value exponentially
turns out someone came by the next day , and killed the last one for their collection
til there is a country named nauru
america is n't even 1 in obesity ! gosh darn it !
america is n't even 1 in obesity ! gosh darn it !
yeh that country is fucked
where is it ?
i wonder what some one the national food recipes would look like
they also caused the majority of casualties suffered by the us navy during the war .
to be honest 43 ships sounds like a lot
to be honest 43 ships sounds like a lot
that is actually a pretty good return on investment when you consider the 40 4000 crew on each ship .
they damaged more ships that were n't sunk . the uss bunker hill a large carrier was hit by one and she did n't sink , but hundreds of her crew were killed and so badly damaged she was in port for repairs for the rest of the war .
you 're also ignoring the psychological factor
" boris yeltsin s first words to the u . s . president clinton upon meeting in 1995 were , do you think o . j . did it ? " this guy was like a relaxed uncle .
aka the american dream .
aka the american dream .
no one must have told him that in american us , pizza comes to you !
he evaded the secret service and managed to make it out of the whitehouse and it 's grounds whilst in his underwear . someone shat a brick that night .
we 've all been there boris
i 'm met multiple women exactly like that . they can get hired at the drop of a hat and are garbage employees .
so was her ass .
so was her ass .
welcome to being a female that 's not hideous .
no kidding , that 's got to be the ultimate reason to feel shitty about not getting a job .
i like your attitude .
nic cage has already peaked with con air and face off . you cannot top those performances no matter who you are .
i feel like samuel l . jackson just does whatever the fuck movie he feels like doing , amazing or terrible . respect for that .
i feel like samuel l . jackson just does whatever the fuck movie he feels like doing , amazing or terrible . respect for that .
the difference is that nic cage only plays nic cage in every film with nic cage . nic cage .
either oliver or eastwood ( or maybe both ) made a practice of alternating films that paid well ( and were often crap ) with good films that maintained their reputations . i think de niro is trying to do the same thing .
nic cage does it because he 's horrible with his money and he has to take just about every role he 's offered just to stay in the black .
we could have been american columbia .
best columbia
best columbia
it 's not too late to be colombian columbia .
oooooooooooooohhhh
the state that could have been named columbia is bordered by british columbia and the columbia river . it all makes sense .
and if it was a gogo congo con ? a gogocongogoer ?
congocongoer
congocongoer
they 're the luca goers ' biggest rivals in this year 's blitzball championship !
congocongoer
i think you mean congocongoer
el yucateco ya wimp
you 're obviously wrong , tapatio is better .
you 're obviously wrong , tapatio is better .
valentina is more of a snack sauce , it overpower everything , great on fried anything , just not meals , popcorn , fritos , chips you name it , not meals .
valentina extra hot best hot sauce
guacamaya master race ftw
when you are the prince of darkness , you can do whatever you want .
did n't they already discovered he has a rare mutation that makes him more resilent to drugs except for coffe ?
did n't they already discovered he has a rare mutation that makes him more resilent to drugs except for coffe ?
you will be able to smoke keith richard 's corpse and get high af
and it 's hard to hold a candle , in the cold november rain
from what i heard from other celebrities in the music world , lemmy from motorhead was even worse than ozzy and he some how survived as long as he did .
i actually thought it was pretty weak , he seemed so out of place and he kept doing an awkward almost smiling thing when he was supposed to be intimidating
it 's almost like the emmys are n't an actual measure of a person 's acting ability . more or less political fellatio perpetuated by the academy edit : my phone hates me
it 's almost like the emmys are n't an actual measure of a person 's acting ability . more or less political fellatio perpetuated by the academy edit : my phone hates me
has bruce ever not played bruce ?
i agree with you . i did n't like his character at all .
come on . that scene with him in front of the mirror was pure gold ! i 'm just a love machine ... hwah
so , technically speaking , they mate for life .
r crappydesign
r crappydesign
plot twist : female bees fake it .
that sounds like one of those shitty super powers . " you have the power of the exploding penis , but you must use it wisely , for you only get to use it once ... "
the universal way of killing something
or it could just be that overweight comedians with tragic backgrounds have short lifespans ?
offer them to andy dick
offer them to andy dick
ignatius j . reilly , atuk , and roscoe " fatty " arbuckle were the three roles .
to add to the legend , the author of one of the projects ( a confederacy of dunces ) killed himself before the book was published .
the guys they cast in the non cgi , no landing pad jumping off building roles keep dying too . spooky .
yeah the patriot act , etc is totally a liberal thing s
you do realize that the republicans , the more conservative party , passed the patriot act , which effectively takes the constitution and makes it no better than 2 ply .
you do realize that the republicans , the more conservative party , passed the patriot act , which effectively takes the constitution and makes it no better than 2 ply .
revoke the patriot act before even thinking of blaming liberals for anything
lmao how motherfucking stupid are you ?
what sweeping liberal legislation has been passed that 's taken away freedom in response to attacks in modern history ? because the only thing that resembles what you 're saying " liberals are doing " is the patriot act . let 's think for a few minutes about who passed that one .
i visited yellowstone when i was 16 , and i took a pen from every visitor center we stopped in . i 'd say i got at least 4 in value , if not more .
yea but there 's an upper limit here . you 're not going to get 4 trillion dollars payback for a trillion dollar investment in parks . still need private and public sector investments .
yea but there 's an upper limit here . you 're not going to get 4 trillion dollars payback for a trillion dollar investment in parks . still need private and public sector investments .
if we keep investing all the money into national parks , we 'll pay off the debt !
this is an official donation link from the nps website . i donated 5 , hopefully , the u . s . is better because of it . __url__
i 'm a huge fan of the nps . have a national park in town , so i really see the value in them .
i mean , god asked where adam was , but it does n't necessarily mean he did n't know . similarly , i ask my cat , " what are you doing ? " i 'm not actually asking i know full well she 's sunning herself in the window . i 'm making conversation because i 'm bored .
... according to adam .
... according to adam .
maybe god is like the three eyed raven and only knows everything when he is actually looking .
ayeka meant god was seeking adam . just as he is now seeking you . although you are dead in sin he seeks sinners who will see that truth and repent .
ignorance is bliss my friend , anyways it was a story , not meant to be taken as real .
... tf is that shit
it was an art project by nate hill , who is most famously known as being death bear
it was an art project by nate hill , who is most famously known as being death bear
what the fuck is this
not what i was expecting ...
__url__ it 's okay , guys . it 's " art . "
the climate in russia is a challenge for agriculture , whereas italy has the perfect climate for spaghetti trees .
should n't have wasted nearly a century on communism .
should n't have wasted nearly a century on communism .
til : italy has a large economy than south korea .
this is because russia is being plundered by its ruling class . the government exists for little more than military might to back its oligarchs , and they maintain the real wealth .
but if you take gdp ( ppp ) , when italy economy is 58 the size of russian . __url__
he should have asked for more bullets .
til the 007 golden gun does exist .
til the 007 golden gun does exist .
upvote for calling it by its correct name . it 's not called the congressional medal of honor , just the medal of honor , and it is issued by congress .
last spoken words of thomas basker was , " it 's high noon " .
last stand op
and to think i always thought it 's english translation was ' fake shit ' .
same root for " chapati " i assume ? feels weird to think that etymologically i wash my hair with unleavened flatbread
same root for " chapati " i assume ? feels weird to think that etymologically i wash my hair with unleavened flatbread
i was actually thinking about this about 2 hours ago when i was washing my hair . thanks reddit !
boycott shampoo ! demand the real poo !
interesting article about the person who popularized shampoo in britain
those things were awesomely inappropriate . i think i was like 21 when they came out and my gf and i saw the commercial and were like , holy shit , is that a children 's toy gun that shoots fake jizz ? we immediately went out and bought one . i still have it , btw .
yeah holy shit the disgusting gag face they make when " it " gets in their mouth ... why is that even something you would put when marketing it ? ?
yeah holy shit the disgusting gag face they make when " it " gets in their mouth ... why is that even something you would put when marketing it ? ?
wow , i 've seen snippets of that advert before , the source material is almost as inappropriate
heh . major pumping required .
what is this ? tell me and ill wa
read that in god 's voice edit : thanks stranger !
or set the simulation speed to half and they 'll perceive reality the same but save processing power . disclaimer i know nothing about computer science
or set the simulation speed to half and they 'll perceive reality the same but save processing power . disclaimer i know nothing about computer science
iiirc , the limiting factor for the octopus is too short a lifespan
" or anything below the atomic scale "
wait i never thought of this , is there any explanation for the speed of light ? ?
yes , yes i do .
i , for one , welcome our new octopi overlords .
i , for one , welcome our new octopi overlords .
sounds like a plan .
honestly ? we could probably share the planet with a cephalopod better than pretty much any other ' uplift ' candidate .
it might be even more interesting than a planet of apes !
well there 's something i have n't thought about in 25 years .
wow , i 'd only ever heard this from eminem . cool thing to learn , thanks .
wow , i 'd only ever heard this from eminem . cool thing to learn , thanks .
it 's polly had a dolly and her head popped off
our version was " mrs molly had a dolly but its head popped off " where you would flick the head off the dandelion with your thumbnail . edit : uk yorkshire if that 's of any interest .
atmosphere !
now that is genuinely interesting , how is that even ... what ! ?
what mad fucker decided to inject a frog with preggo piss ?
what mad fucker decided to inject a frog with preggo piss ?
it 's better than injecting the urine into a rabbit to see if it dies or not .
yup ! human chorionic gonadotropin ( hcg ) is a hormone generated by the placenta in humans that is the active component that induce frogs to lay eggs . biologists who work on xenopus inject hcg to xenopus females to induce them to lay eggs for further experiments .
hold up this frog has claws ?
" nested simulations would be too taxing on our systems . we 'll have to make it physically impossible . " " but how ? " " i 'm not sure , we 'll just have to make something up like we did with the speed of light . "
how surreal would it be to see ai inside of your simulation begin to talk about being in a simulation ?
how surreal would it be to see ai inside of your simulation begin to talk about being in a simulation ?
" the humans when given the simulation continued to kill humans within the simulation by removing the ladder for the pool "
something something , teenyverse
fractal sim dimension vectors nearly accessable . standby for uplink . prepare emergency services for cognitive fallout from shock .
he heeeee was very generous
jackson was a real weird guy with a sometimes unsteady grasp f the real world but he seems t have had a heart of gold .
jackson was a real weird guy with a sometimes unsteady grasp f the real world but he seems t have had a heart of gold .
if it 's specified in his will they kinda have to . do n't give them props as being " incredibly generous and caring " people . if he did n't specify it , that money would go straight in their pockets .
not guilty , man .
good guy jacko . hope he 's dancing with the angels .
we need a new plague ! ! !
pop pop ! !
pop pop ! !
right dwight . right dwight .
black bears , that are best , love beets ?
kill all the poor , raise vat
so like i was saying crack is the candy of the lungs ... there 's dry crack , wet crack , cut crack , cooked back crack . you can smoke crack , vape crack , inject crack . well .. that 's just about all the crack there is ...
i do n't know the timeline of who was cast when , but if tom hanks is in the movie you can bet it 's going to be successful .
i do n't know the timeline of who was cast when , but if tom hanks is in the movie you can bet it 's going to be successful .
he was right . it didnt make money .
not sure if i believe this . dave chappelle would 've been 20 when forrest gump was filmed . 16 years younger than mykelti williamson .
" then , bubba said something i will n't ever forget . " " i wanna go home ohh ohh a chinga chong achingaching achong "
maybe if this was the 1940s ...
the meanings are related . being full of spunk , ie vital force semen vitality however you want to phrase it . it has become more vulgar , but the root is the same .
the meanings are related . being full of spunk , ie vital force semen vitality however you want to phrase it . it has become more vulgar , but the root is the same .
lou grant said that to mary richards on the mary tyler moore show in the 1970s . other than that ... never heard anyone say it .
i 've never heard of " spunk kid . "
spunk was usually high testosterone behaviour , like what someone with a full sack would display
it was n't valued at 120k , it just cost that much to build .
my old house sold for about 79k in 1996 . when it sold again in approximately 2006 ( ? ) it was valued at 180k . it 's weird , and it sucks . wages sure as hell have n't jumped up the same .
my old house sold for about 79k in 1996 . when it sold again in approximately 2006 ( ? ) it was valued at 180k . it 's weird , and it sucks . wages sure as hell have n't jumped up the same .
2004 was during the peak housing prices . the market fell out in 2006 2007 . maybe the local market crashed ?
look at mr . rich over here ..
bay area ?
now that 's how a true stalker leaves the zone
it 's also been theorized that john wayne got his cancer from filming various westerns right next to nuclear testing sites .
it 's also been theorized that john wayne got his cancer from filming various westerns right next to nuclear testing sites .
the fact theyd probably been smoking russian cigarettes for the past 30 years may also have something to do with it .
all those long tracking shots came at a high price .
tarkovsky , his wife and anatoly solonitsyn , one of the main actors in the film all died young from the same type of lung cancer .
can n't find any . looks like he talks about it in his book but i can n't find any of it online . i 'd be curious to see what he cites as evidence in the book and whether it actually holds up .
the ny times worded it pretty carefully to make it clear that this was just his claim and they did n't stand behind it .
the ny times worded it pretty carefully to make it clear that this was just his claim and they did n't stand behind it .
doesnt exist . thats why this guy is a self described " beer anthropologist " not an " archaeologist " and ran a beer store instead of working at a university
there is n't any because the dude just put it in his book and people believed it
sounds more like a joke than anything else .
and by his own estimation , cost himself 200 billion of future interest . wow .
... what ?
... what ?
saw the hbo doc on him last night . he also mentioned that this happened 5 days after his father died , and it seemed clear he thought that he was transferring his emotions over his dad into anger towards this guy .
that 's so warren .
your title is bad and you should feel bad
and a partridge in a pear treeeeeee !
manual transmission
manual transmission
with those suctions cups and how they wrap around i do n't see why he can n't hold multiple beers in a tentacle
we prefer " arms " . squid have those lame ass tentacles .
comments like this make me miss awildsketchappears . :(
i understand the underlying philosophical resistance almodovar has towards netflix , but okja and the meyerowitz stories are in competition and should be judged as fairly as the other films . if he 's not willing to do so , he should step down as president of the jury .
the most important thing here is that will smith turned down neo on the matrix to be in wild wild west .
the most important thing here is that will smith turned down neo on the matrix to be in wild wild west .
he was such a huge star i saw men in black on the big screen in a cinema when i was 11
man paid by company to make movie defends company who paid him to make movie .
is anyone else just amazed will smith is on the jury at cannes ?
ironically the eu is perhaps on the up because of brexit giving european politicians the warning that they needed .
or is the eu on the up because the uk are leaving
or is the eu on the up because the uk are leaving
this could well be right , but few in britain want to hear it .
tuk r kuntry bak
even as a staunch remoaner i think this article is a little silly . we have this article from pro eu media when europe looks good , and we will have the opposite articles published whenever europe is in decline . all economies have highs and lows .
thus genocide was borne over screwing and being screwed by screws and other hard things .
" they stole our screws , so we screwed them ! we screwed them good ! "
" they stole our screws , so we screwed them ! we screwed them good ! "
" also , meet my seven wives . they are savages but so are they in bed . "
just had to chase that rascal around .
they screwed us so we screwed them ?
i mean , only so many people would willingly stay on a sub
as long as they 're not supercritically massively scary ...
as long as they 're not supercritically massively scary ...
do n't worry . nuke subs are in the hands of some if the most sleep deprived people in the country . perfectly fine .
boo .
google " last week tonight : nukes " watch his expose and fear .
... after suffering a brain edema believed to be caused by an adverse reaction to a pain medication
check and mate .
check and mate .
the way of the pizza
we were doing pretty good not ordering pizza not more than once a month . then on a whim i learned how to make my own from scratch but they do n't have any weird additives at least !
check . mate .
where do you think they got the idea for that movie ? ? 93.6 of all hollywood films are inspired by eric cartman . this was from a study done at yale , i can n't seem to find the link however ...
i remember the pudding eating in bm as if it was yesterday ...
i remember the pudding eating in bm as if it was yesterday ...
south park was something i was told not to watch whilst growing up . i never really gave it much time until recently . always saw it as just childish trash . i was blown away by its social commentary and how good the show actually is .
i 'm still waiting for satan 's alley .
after a hard day 's work of herding cattle and plowing the younger men on the ranch , there ai n't nothin ' that hits the spot like a bowl of pudding .
i 'd regret my own death too
he thought fruit would cure his cancer .
he thought fruit would cure his cancer .
if it actually worked it would n't be called alternative medicine . it would just be called medicine .
" my only regret ... is that i have ... boneitis ! "
yeah , he actually died of narcissistic personality disorder .
nope . __url__
they are also aggressive hunters . like they will come get your ass .
they are also aggressive hunters . like they will come get your ass .
dude , if that 's snake rolled up on me and started growing like a dog , i 'd fucking shit myself .
youtube was disappointing . just sounds like an angry hiss :
fug all snakes especially venomous one they give me creepy vibes . of all things that life has to evolve , why the fug do they have to evolve things that has venom than can kill you in less than half an hour ?
oh my fucking god , that poor guy . i do n't blame him in the slightest .
he was having a promising career before being killed on the track in 1971 .
he was having a promising career before being killed on the track in 1971 .
reminds me of the time a canadian football team played in las vegas and the guy singing it did n't know the tune at all so he sang it to the tune of oh christmas tree . __url__ america , if it is n't the stars and stripes go fuck yourself . edit : tube
why did they have a record for the mexican hat dance on hand ?
mexiocs national anthem since nobody els linked it and i wanted to do something useful today .
kurt said it was a bowie song during the recording .
very fitting , given that bowie did an album of all covers of songs and bands he liked from the 1960 ' s : __url__
very fitting , given that bowie did an album of all covers of songs and bands he liked from the 1960 ' s : __url__
can n't have been that annoyed . he said that he liked the nirvana version and played it that way from then on .
damn , bowie is a good singer .
tbh that cover is my favorite track from nirvana , even though i love several of their original songs .
not one sitting . probably 6 beers the first hour , then 2 beers an hour to maintain for the rest of the day . but yeah . the stomach only holds about half a gallon ( 1.9 l ) . so it would be pretty hard to power through without throwing up .
depends on the length of the sitting and the amount of times you 're taking a piss .
depends on the length of the sitting and the amount of times you 're taking a piss .
you got a lot of intestine without much actual mass that you need to digest so it kinda flows pretty freely . it 's not like you have to store it all in your stomach and then suddenly it just comes out .
the most i 've had is 17 12oz in 9hrs and it fucked me up good ( and i had food during ) . it 's more possible than you think , especially if your " session " is long .
that 's like 10 12 hours . we 're talking 3 , 4 pm until 2 3 in the morning i 'm guessing . so , yeah ... i probably drink a gallon of ' liquid ' between coffee and water during an 8 hour work day and do n't really think too much about it .
anyone know why , specifically , the czech republic ?
north korea did n't want to be ronery in being the only country to ban the film
north korea did n't want to be ronery in being the only country to ban the film
then nobody ever heard from the writers ever again . they continue to toil in obscurity , hoping for their big break .
america fuck yeah !
ronry , i 'm misle ronry ... always so ronry pool riddle me !
__url__ someone snuck that in ...
this one guy just trying to join in __url__ look at his face , he knows what 's up , its like when you get that one guy in a yoga class of women , he ai n't there for yoga , and this guy ai n't there for salad . edit : a letter
this one guy just trying to join in __url__ look at his face , he knows what 's up , its like when you get that one guy in a yoga class of women , he ai n't there for yoga , and this guy ai n't there for salad . edit : a letter
one is a women in a thong eating a salad with a smile like she 's up to shenanigans . who eats a salad in a thong on the bed ?
__url__ someone did n't give her the memo
( )
they voted so hard they burned the temple down
how about sunrise land ?
how about sunrise land ?
well , new york just means its a new city of york .
big deal . washington just means 2000 pounds of washing .
the japanese are so literal with their names . they call their country " sunrise land "
that sounds ... less than safe .
r dundermifflin is leaking
r dundermifflin is leaking
what 's worse , a head injury or a foot injury ?
michael ?
i used to cook bacon on the grill , put it in bread with sauce and maybe cheese and then put the sandwich into the grill and pour the collected fat onto the bread which is where it belonged imo
typical prescription from an army medic is drink more water and change your socks . cures everything from headaches to gunshot wounds .
one of the books in the codex alera series is really the only fantasy book i 've seen to really go into detail about how dangerous long marches in natural terrain can be .
one of the books in the codex alera series is really the only fantasy book i 've seen to really go into detail about how dangerous long marches in natural terrain can be .
which adds a touch of irony when he ends up losing his legs . i never noticed that before .
i believe mel gibsons character in " we were soldiers " also had a policy that at every stop you were to inspect the soldiers feet to your right and left to help him identify any sores .
nobody thinks wet socks are a big deal until they get a mile into a 20 mile hike .
hitler was actually a staunch animal rights supporter and introduced a lot of fairly in depth animal welfare laws , some of which ( or variations thereof ) are still in practice today .
wtf , i love the nazis now
wtf , i love the nazis now
even if you convinced them it was just a hot bath ?
not only was hitler awful for killing the jews but he was ( probably ) insufferable being a vegan
at least he did something good
no it was when he actually became steve jobs
yeah it was for his role in cheaper by the dozen
yeah it was for his role in cheaper by the dozen
reply hazy , try again later .
maybe ?
probably .
that was unexpected and wonderful .
that 's it . i 'm done for the day . thanks .
that 's it . i 'm done for the day . thanks .
r potatosalad
as told by mike tyson
me 3 thanks
nature is metal af
frogan
frogan
i envy the future generation of people that will first encounter life on other planets . to see how life evolves given a new set of parameters would be beyond words . just a note ... if everyone happens to die on that same day of first encounter , i would envy them less .
could never get human babies to do that . what a bunch of pussies
dear mother nature , what the actual fuck ? sincerely , a concerned citizen
i find that less likely , seeing as how most of genghis ' atrocities had obvious benefits that they were aimed towards . in other words , a monster with goals you can understand is far more sympathetic than a monster with goals you cannot understand .
isnt the major difference is mongol didnt discriminate during their conquest .
isnt the major difference is mongol didnt discriminate during their conquest .
nope . hitler accomplished nothing besides indenting germany and leaving them germans with a fat star of david shaped black mark .
rommel and a few other generals ? sure . hitler ? no . his tactical decisions and mistreatment of his generals led to their loss . historians know this .
got news for you buddy ... some people already do

i heard a story that it was about him witnessing a murder . so he invited the killer to the show and cops arrested him . i still believe it .
i heard a story that it was about him witnessing a murder . so he invited the killer to the show and cops arrested him . i still believe it .
til that song is not about masturbating off of a hotel balcony .
greatest drum fill ever in this song . can n't tell you how often i would listen to this song and brood while smoking out the window of my bedroom as a teenager . was such an edge lord back then .
i think my favourite song of " his " is easy lover . him and philip bailey are great together .
in the absence of a priest laymen can perform baptisms in roman catholicism .
you do realize that baptisms are as legit as stanley nickels or schrutebucks . , do n't you ?
you do realize that baptisms are as legit as stanley nickels or schrutebucks . , do n't you ?
well who cares , really ? it 's not like it requires any special skill or results in an actual measureable change . it 's like an ocd behaviour . it makes the person doing it feel better . that 's all it 's for .
in spirit , probably but they will n't be issued a baptismal certificate .
protestants can conduct any sacrament .
my buddy is a red head and use to stick a paper clip in his lamp to blow a fuse on his floor when ever he was grounded for something . i wonder if this contributed to him not electeocuting himself .
did n't you read the headline gingers are mutants
did n't you read the headline gingers are mutants
many bothans died to bring us this information .
found a video of the test group ...
yup i 've walked away from tripping a warehouses power supply when i really should n't have , have had multiple awake anaesthetic experiences and never have dental staff believe me when i state i need more local in my blocks .
i d be relaxed too if i drank a fifth of vodka every day
dying to know what bill said
dying to know what bill said
what was the reply ?
wait , putin was not president at some point ?
the guy was like russian trump . he was a total disaster for his country .
" i think the saddest people always try their hardest to make people happy because they know what it s like to feel absolutely worthless and they don t want anyone else to feel like that . " robin williams , rest in peace
i cried when i heard he died . watched goodwill hunting a few days before that . still my most favorite performance of any actor , ever .
i cried when i heard he died . watched goodwill hunting a few days before that . still my most favorite performance of any actor , ever .
rip , robin .
i can n't believe it 's been 3 years since robin william 's death . it seems like yesterday . rip .
robin williams cocaine rectal exam let the games begin
all those degrees , all that prestigious education , and one of their memorable lines was " bite my shiny metal ass . "
" we were easily the most overeducated cartoon writers in history , earning critical acclaim , multiple emmy awards , and a worldwide nerd fan base , but we weren t smart enough to figure out how to avoid cancellation ( three times ) . "
" we were easily the most overeducated cartoon writers in history , earning critical acclaim , multiple emmy awards , and a worldwide nerd fan base , but we weren t smart enough to figure out how to avoid cancellation ( three times ) . "
" let 's write a cartoon with doctors and black jack and hookers . "
the layers of comedy entwined with science ( all fields ) is what makes this show amazing .
financially , they made a pretty solid choice in using their skills to write this cartoon . futurama has grossed over 925 million from fox , comedy central , and netflix .
technically not correct as usn ships have sent a shit load of somali pirate ships down recently , as has the cg with drug boats . plus this is yar .
when i toured it earlier this year ( well worth the visit ) i got to hear a girl in the security line say to her parents , " wait , that 's the constitution ? i thought that was a written paper thing . " so hard not to laugh .
when i toured it earlier this year ( well worth the visit ) i got to hear a girl in the security line say to her parents , " wait , that 's the constitution ? i thought that was a written paper thing . " so hard not to laugh .
huzzah ! her sides are made of iron !
no patrol boats or anything destroyed during the iraq war or gulf war ? that 's surprising .
what about ww2 ?
depends on the country . in my country it 's 1st , 2nd etc , cause we 're a civilised country . those filthy british peasants are accustomed to living on the ground , so they call their first floors " ground floor " to remind themselves about how peasantish they are .
yes . ground is zero . 1st one up is 1 . 1st basement floor , 1st one down is 1 . etc it 's actually quite logical if you think about it
yes . ground is zero . 1st one up is 1 . 1st basement floor , 1st one down is 1 . etc it 's actually quite logical if you think about it
mostly yes . in french you call ground level " rez de chauss e " which mean straight at the level of the street .
think of the building as life . you enter this life ( you enter the building ground floor ) you live 12 months ( you walk up 12 steps ) you are now 1 ( you are now on the 1st floor )
as a kid i always got confused that the first floor is not the first floor .
" too late ! too late ! will be the cry , when the man with the bargains passes you by ! "
i 'm surprised he was n't a driver .
i 'm surprised he was n't a driver .
it 's a deal . it 's a steal , it 's the sale of the fucking century .
i was just watching lock stock 2 smoken barrels with some friends and i told them this
it 's as long as my arm , i wish it was as long as something else .
this explains the thousand yard stare that most eels have the poor things ...
why did i read that in chandler bing 's voice ? !
why did i read that in chandler bing 's voice ? !
i dunno , i hear eels can be pretty slutty .
to be fair : dolphins are the assholes of the sea ... they do a lot of shit like that ( collectively chewing pufferfishes to get high and so on )
it happens __url__
" burger made with ham " ? you actually thought burger was a thing other than short for hamburger ?
for some reason , it was common to name dishes after a city , such as the wiener ( after vienna ) or the frankfurter after frankfurt . edit : there 's also the berliner , which is a pastry
for some reason , it was common to name dishes after a city , such as the wiener ( after vienna ) or the frankfurter after frankfurt . edit : there 's also the berliner , which is a pastry
i 've got some shocking news for you " buffalo wings " are n't actually made from buffaloes .
do you know what they call a quarter pounder in france ?
today you learned this ? you must be fucking retarded .
hexcodin ?
so , is viagra six times more potent than agra ?
so , is viagra six times more potent than agra ?
with that username you sure could n't ! jk
sales would increase though i want some sexodin
in all honesty , those that need it would n't give a shit
yep but that 's after some sort of miracle of renovation i guess . or maybe a donation value ? it sold in a majorly distressed way in 2004 for under 15k .
well yeah , 120,000 was 20 years ago
well yeah , 120,000 was 20 years ago
that 's about 1 3 of what that home would cost in my city .
well yeah , if the house alone cost 125,000 to build you 'd hope the value of the land house would be greater .
20 years later . my parents ' house in so cal is worth near a mil now that they bought for 150 200 k back then .
the intense race between dallas , memphis , and phoenix . i felt hella bad for phx this season :( (
this happened to the warriors as well . west is nuts . it 's going to happen again this season .
this happened to the warriors as well . west is nuts . it 's going to happen again this season .
dragic was really good that season
in 2007 2008 the warriors missed the playoffs with 48 wins . the hawks made it with 37 wins .
that year was the peak of the conference disparity . the west the toughest it 's ever been and the east was trash . miami arguably was n't even a top 3 team yet got to the finals easily .
i think politicians and the media are going to try to forget the shooting ever happened as soon as possible , given that the shooter was a older rich white male gun collector .
something to do with privacy in hotels i 'm sure .
something to do with privacy in hotels i 'm sure .
sweet jesus i hope it is bumpstocks
with a republican president and a republican congress , basically nothing because they will n't touch anything regarding the 2nd amendment .
i 'll bet you it 's nothing
i can barely remember the password to my internet webpages . when google ask if i want it to remember the password i have to wait to see if the password i entered is the right one .
sometimes i forget that i 'm wearing glasses and think i lost them .
sometimes i forget that i 'm wearing glasses and think i lost them .
til raccoons have a better memory than reddit users , me included .
til raccoons are smarter than me .
but raccoons do n't have to worry about paying rent , bureaucracy , the morality of war crimes , climate change , income inequality , or washing your hands after pooping .
that is ... a surprising revelation
dude , do n't give those guys any more ammo !
dude , do n't give those guys any more ammo !
til pro universal healthcare people are destroying the economy .
' ' who are all these people , we need a new plague " __url__
because , as we all know , the market is sacred , but humans are just decaying lumps of flesh .
diogenes was the first shitposter
all present agreed this was fairly classic diogenes .
all present agreed this was fairly classic diogenes .
did the chicken have large talons ?
diogenes was pretty metal tbh . click for video
and then plato let out a long sigh . why did diogenes have to be so damned literal about every last thing and not see things in the kind of abstraction necessary for philosophy ? meanwhile digonenes became the spiritual father of redditors ..
i 'm fully aware that slash is n't real , but it 's the little touches like this that make the mythos all the more fun and believable .
sounds like something from spinal tap like maybe his pacemaker was picking up airport terminal chatter .
sounds like something from spinal tap like maybe his pacemaker was picking up airport terminal chatter .
likely pacing him , a full on shock is like getting kicked in the chest by a horse . source : been shocked by defib 1 7 , would not repeat
my dad has both cardiomyopathy and a defibrillator and he said at a concert once he genuinely felt his thing was going to go off because of the bass from the band . i can only imagine what it is like to actually be on the stage .
the good ol " this thing will keep you alive ... if it works . "
then he became the bassist for led zeppelin .
fun fact : over 12 of boats , our beloved sea cars , are infested with ants . fortunately , ants are boyant and enjoy maritime shanties .
fun fact : over 12 of boats , our beloved sea cars , are infested with ants . fortunately , ants are boyant and enjoy maritime shanties .
so he is jebediah springfield
this could have been a cool assassin 's creed dlc storyline .
typical american hero ...
ladies , are we prepared to let the kevins of the world decide anything for us ? we do n't even give him full internet access .
i found myself watching some movie with hilary swank the other day , and the mental debate on whether or not she 's hot started up again . could n't remember where the actual bit came from though , until this thread . for the record , nah , she 's not hot . doable , but not hot .
i found myself watching some movie with hilary swank the other day , and the mental debate on whether or not she 's hot started up again . could n't remember where the actual bit came from though , until this thread . for the record , nah , she 's not hot . doable , but not hot .
a painting is beautiful , but i do n't want to bang a painting .
drives me nuts that so many people do n't realize this when asking me the " is she hot ? " question .
watched that episode today actually
i am 27 . i consider myself a big child . can confirm comrade big children are good for free nation .
teenagers can more accurately be described as big children .
teenagers can more accurately be described as big children .
redditors specifically
no , big children . it was very clear .
eww
typical , big acid putting out ads trying to pull me in through reddit again .
my trip was honestly one of the worst and best things of my life . accepting that you 're going to die and then realizing it 's not real is one of the weirdest experiences of my life .
my trip was honestly one of the worst and best things of my life . accepting that you 're going to die and then realizing it 's not real is one of the weirdest experiences of my life .
did n't he also refuse the proper medical treatment for his cancer in favor of like carrot juice or something like that ?
he also though homeopathic treatments could cure his cancer . he ended up dying from it because it went untreated . just because someone is a genius in one part of his life , does n't make him a genius on the other parts of his life .
it 's always taken my inner problems that i 've been ignoring and held them in front of my face like " see ? ? ? here it is ! ! ! what are you gonna do about it ? ? ? "
just like iran saying they had no homosexuals .
yes , and meanwhile the soviet union had this guy .
yes , and meanwhile the soviet union had this guy .
having lived in honduras for several years . the only reason they do n't have a serial killer problem is the corrupt law enforcement , and another gang member likely killed the likely qualifiers before they were known .
lol , came here to see this . it really is a weak ( and predictable ) excuse . most oecd countries have excellent police forces , and the ussr is not a very relevant comparison to give .
what about europe , though ? i 'd expect the u . s . to have a disproportionate amount of " known " ones , but this is still higher than countries that you 'd expect to acknowledge serial killers .
that 's why i do n't eat anything that grows in nature .
wasps ruin everything , ugh .
wasps ruin everything , ugh .
the fig actually emits an enzyme that breaks down the wasp . it 'd be like saying if i was eaten by a bear , the bear is also eating the lasagna i had last week .
so that 's why fig newtons buzz .
annnd with this , people will no longer want to eat figs ...
they 're some good money in animal crossing
i learned that from a volkswagen commercial . edit : found it
i learned that from a volkswagen commercial . edit : found it
get one of these and a whale and you can also unlock three odd constructs containing three golems around the world if you go to an underwater cave that has braille writing everywhere .
and then they were used in a movie where a person cut his hand in a coelacanth 's mouth and turned into a neanderthal .
look at that fisher . got a real bite there
yugioh aint so popular in kentucky .
i thoroughly disapprove of duels . i consider them unwise and i know they are dangerous . also , sinful . if a man should challenge me , i would take him kindly and forgivingly by the hand and lead him to a quiet retired spot and kill him . autobiography of mark twain
i thoroughly disapprove of duels . i consider them unwise and i know they are dangerous . also , sinful . if a man should challenge me , i would take him kindly and forgivingly by the hand and lead him to a quiet retired spot and kill him . autobiography of mark twain
well , dang it ... i guess i 'm out then
they got way into hamilton
i 'd be surprised if kentucky were the only state with something lile this
is it carl ?
ownagepwnage 123 ?
ownagepwnage 123 ?
lord farquad ?
eustace ?
mine is unique
would n't the hare just nap on the job and everyone would die anyways ? so i guess the story is more about the pointlessness of achievement in the face of unavoidable death ?
no , the meaning is just a completely different one .
no , the meaning is just a completely different one .
and funny
tourioise ama request ?
not really . if there 's a genuine emergency that could potentially wipe out the whole population , maybe you might want to splash out for more than one messenger .
even a honk might trigger gun shots .
cool how large american cities have these cancerous shitholes right beside them , often cross state : chicago has gary . philadelphia has camden . new york has newark . washington has baltimore . st louis has east st louis . memphis has west memphis .
cool how large american cities have these cancerous shitholes right beside them , often cross state : chicago has gary . philadelphia has camden . new york has newark . washington has baltimore . st louis has east st louis . memphis has west memphis .
i 've been to east st . louis it makes honduras look like malibu . you have n't lived until you 've been to a strip club in east st . louis .
used to live semi close to here , funny because 30 40 miles away is some of the richest ass neighborhoods around
could anyone explain me why it 's that bad ?
1 . rent plane 2 . bless rain clouds as you fly through them , turn all local downfall to holy water 3 . secretly baptise everyone 4 . ? ? ? collect tithes 5 . profit
gods hate her for this simple trick .
gods hate her for this simple trick .
wololo
a catholic can baptize someone " in an emergency " . yeah , it 's pretty baffling .
if you believe in religion , i 'm sure you can do anything .
if two people stood on that spot , and one ran towards the sun and the other ran toward jupiter , they would each get incinerated at the same time .
i think the word you 're looking for is the barycentre .
i think the word you 're looking for is the barycentre .
this was the basis for one of the first techniques used to find exoplanets . they would look at a star and measure it 's wobble to determine if there were any large objects orbiting the star .
aww gee now that is rocket surgery .
considering the sun is a big plasma body with intense em radiation all around , is n't it kind of a judgment call what its exact borders are ?
well apparently scientists are working out how to transplant those enzymes bacterium whatever in order to give cows the same ability since their methane emissions do put a serious dent in global pollution
kangaroos hve a lot in common w moles , possums n rats . n their meat does too ...
kangaroos hve a lot in common w moles , possums n rats . n their meat does too ...
lol why would you ever censor the word vegan
more importantly , if i eat kangaroo meat am i eating every fart ever generated by the animal ? will all those farts come shooting out of me at once ?
you do n't even need to use ' roos for that . you just need non ruminant livestock . pigs and chickens are n't ruminants they produce negligible methane .
it still is you peasant . r knightsofpineapple
is this why pineapples are the centerpiece motif of fruit paintings ?
is this why pineapples are the centerpiece motif of fruit paintings ?
there 's an c18th building in a stately home in scotland shaped like a pineapple . stone pineapples were also a fairly common garden ornament .
just steal the pineapple and plant it ?
you have to think the first white guy to see a pineapple was unaware of how to eat it .
i can n't remember who said it but the quote " politics is show business for ugly people " comes to mind .
born too early to be a rockstar , but lived like one .
born too early to be a rockstar , but lived like one .
the cia put him in charge after overthrowing the hardliners that overthrew gorbachev .
he was a puppet installed by the us to allow the oligarchs to strip the country of its assets . this set the stage for putin to take power .
who do you think was waiting back at the hotel ? he 's not eating an entire pizza alone .
john adams ' last words were jefferson survives . he did n't know jefferson had died a few hours before .
it was not signed on july 4 .
it was not signed on july 4 .
jefferson lives
there is an episode of drunk history about this .
yeah they definitely killed themselves on the anniversary .
as an australian if i won a sporting event or competition i 'd totally be down with a humorous alternative to our national anthem . i mean i can think of several contenders but " down under " by men at work would be the least most appropriate i think .
fuck , poor her .
fuck , poor her .
usa did it in 2015 __url__ __url__
i think these are pranksters working behind the scenes . it 's too difficult to believe that instead of easily downloading the real national anthem from official sources or even , heck , youtube , the spoof version which is rarer would be the one used .
oh man i would 've put my hand down at that point
elvis knew how to party take care of his friends .
he would shoot the tv set when he did n't like what was on . this is tame for him
he would shoot the tv set when he did n't like what was on . this is tame for him
... and then there were the rc boats .
i 'd like to think i 'd be this creative if i was ballin .
my friends and i had a snowball fight except we used roman candles instead of snow . and cardboard shields instead of forts .
the loud tearing noise will give it away lol .
asking the real questions
asking the real questions
it will just filter out past your balls
if that fart wants out it will get out .
you would explode . but you would set ftd , so its kinda worth it .
imagine you 're a dolphin mom finding your son 's eels in his room .
eels ! ( commence banging on piano ) eels !
eels ! ( commence banging on piano ) eels !
well , yeah ... how else do you masturbate ?
you know , i 've heard about this a few times and in still not sure how they manage to wrap an eel around their knob without hands . how the shit does that work out ?
seals breathe a sigh of relief .
i feel like someone might have just watched the same vsauce video as i did .
i also watched the new episode of vsauce today .
i also watched the new episode of vsauce today .
vsayces
whereas one fig newton exerts 0.15 n
haha that seems fitting
good thing , cuz he did n't have much time .
i 've been told i look just like buddy holly
i 've been told i look just like buddy holly
rave on !
50 of marriages end in divorce . a coin toss . finding a wife is hard . this is as good a way as any .
slap slap slap slap slap slap slap everyday it 's a gettin ' closer ...
" in mexico , the tune is highly offensive , as it is commonly used to stand in for the rhythmically similar vulgar phrase " chinga tu madre , cabr n " ( translation : " fuck your mother , asshole ! " ) " i think this is an even more interesting til
til : that doot dodo doot doot thing is from something called shave and a haircut .
til : that doot dodo doot doot thing is from something called shave and a haircut .
i guess that is where the writers of " roger rabbit " got the idea from ...
matches in the gas tank , boom boom !
this would also identify human serviettes .
they also made a street fighter game based on the live action movie .
the producers , a movie based on a play based on a movie .
the producers , a movie based on a play based on a movie .
this happens more often than you think . there 's novelizations of movies based on a novel . __url__
prince of persia did this as well
and it was horrible .
who was the previous record holder i wonder ? beowulf ?
i 'm surprised the video was n't linked yet .
i 'm surprised the video was n't linked yet .
what the fuck , he 's only 2 years older than i am ?
i hope this comes in use during cleganebowl .
you killed her . your rapped her . murdered her . say it .
eh , we 'll fix it in post .
yeah , but no abortions later than the fifth trimester .
yeah , but no abortions later than the fifth trimester .
i wish abortion was n't such a sensitive issue because that would be such an awesome name for a shot .
rimshot
would a really , really late term abortion still fly ? ' cause god damn , that 's an ugly baby !
sounds great , thanks . but i am only in 1500 of the silk roads . it 's a tough read .
i 'm going to have to read that , sounds like a damn good book
i 'm going to have to read that , sounds like a damn good book
such a good book !
seconded . i really enjoyed that book , but have n't come across many others who have read it . for those who have n't read it , it goes through history from that time until the near future following a group of people who are reincarnated but stay in each others ' lives .
bought it because your comment but dear god do i hate the way he starts and ends chapters .
i guess your point is that rossi sucked on the ducati ? did just as well as a dead man ? help me here . what is your point ? because i hope it is n't that something low of a blow .
in 2006 yamaha went half season with a shity bike . rossi help solve the chatering problem and the championship was decided in the last race . both simoncelli and nicky hayden have died .
in 2006 yamaha went half season with a shity bike . rossi help solve the chatering problem and the championship was decided in the last race . both simoncelli and nicky hayden have died .
on mitron , 55th 2203 , the first ever motorcycle race will be held on mars .
golden state warriors blew a 3 1 lead
just think , if my mate alvaro was n't a complete head case at times this would n't even be a stat !
or humans .
the best rapists in the animal kingdom !
the best rapists in the animal kingdom !
where is u fuckswithducks when you need him ?
and now it 's time for true facts about the duck
relevant
i made it half way ... i believe you reddit folk have what you call eye bleach for this thing ?
albert fish ? the dude who constantly gets reposted for having the murder hotel ? edit : it was a list , just could n't remember holmes ' name
albert fish ? the dude who constantly gets reposted for having the murder hotel ? edit : it was a list , just could n't remember holmes ' name
i dunno , have n't read this article yet but no one 's topped albert fish on the fucked up o meter for me .
and definitely do n't accidentally listen to this old school death metal song about him
have you heard about richard clock ?
and nevernude
who 's the anustart that parked behind my car ?
who 's the anustart that parked behind my car ?
came here for this , you did n't let me down
are you a friend of alice ?
he took this job as anustart
why did i think it was to do with wireless fidelity seems to be a common enough misconception
i argued this the other day , a guy was convinced it stood for wireless fidelity . i tried to explain that high fidelity just means the reproduction of sound but he was so confident that he was right . sometimes you just can n't argue with ignorance .
i argued this the other day , a guy was convinced it stood for wireless fidelity . i tried to explain that high fidelity just means the reproduction of sound but he was so confident that he was right . sometimes you just can n't argue with ignorance .
when you scoff at the dumb idiots who named it wireless fidelity , but then you realize you 're the dumb idiot who never bothered to check if that was what the name actually stood for
so it does n't mean wireless fidelity ?
it stands for wience fiction
while not 1200 years old , here 's my king edward i hammered silver penny , clocking in at at least 710 years old . obverse : edw r angl dns hyb edward king of england lord of ireland reverse : civitas london city of london
the bank of england also has an inflation calculator that goes all the way to 1209 .
the bank of england also has an inflation calculator that goes all the way to 1209 .
still younger than the queen .
sd the d is short for denarias , which comes from the roman system __url__
and the new coin does n't bloody work in trollys !
when he gets stuck in the vending machine and calls his own office ... ? gold
__url__
__url__
yes . hornberger .
pete 's enthusiasm despite only getting 12 cents per mile is fantastic .
thought of the exact same thing !
in claimed sales , in certified sales she is now behind rihanna , with taylor swift not far behind .
madonna . rhianna . taylor swift . damn , this thread is depressing ...
madonna . rhianna . taylor swift . damn , this thread is depressing ...
i thought it was mariah carry
i 'm confused , it says rihanna has sold the most units ?
she only need to sing now .
with that being said what difference does it make ? what 's the difference between the chinese community in new york and toronto ? because to be honest it just feels like a marketing term so canadian can feel better about themselves .
and canada was completely destroyed as a result and is no longer a country , right ?
and canada was completely destroyed as a result and is no longer a country , right ?
... as a desperate measure to try and negate the " distinct culture " argument of quebec separatists .
could n't be much prouder of this fact , because without it , i would n't be here . multiculturalism is a beautiful thing . we must not fall into ignorance and destroy this ideal and let corporations exploit this amazing thing . let 's work together to make this place even better .
hurray ! multiculturalism for all the white countries .
it 's crazy how the cgi in that movie still holds up for the most part .
mad max
mad max
i 'm gonna give it to t2 . most people do n't realize that a lot of the t1000 ' s liquid metal was practical effects .
not only that . it 's the perfect action , adventure , thriller with a dash of comedy and wit . with the dawn of the 21st century science and the ethical ideology that will face the 21st century thrown in . it 's my perfect film and spielberg directed it .
the lotr trilogy was the pinnacle i think .
i am the senate .
i liked the prequels , ama .
i liked the prequels , ama .
enact presidential order 51 .
go to r prequelmemes for a surprise to be sure , but a welcome one .
dellow felegates , in response to this direct threat to the republic , meesa propose that the senate give immediately emergency powers to da supreme chancellor !
alice is a born again christian or something now though . maybe he 's trying to undo the deal ?
fun fact : my grandma was alice cooper 's high school guidance counselor . upon further reflection , i 'm not sure whether or not she did a good job with him .
fun fact : my grandma was alice cooper 's high school guidance counselor . upon further reflection , i 'm not sure whether or not she did a good job with him .
or heavy amounts of drugs and alcohol is the key to a long life
for some odd reasons , i was utterly convinced that henry wrinkler is alice cooper without makeup .
uhhh do n't forget iggy pop still running around like crazy too , and likely the same order of magnitude of ingesting drugs as ozzy and cooper . i would have to say that lemmy , r . i . p . , was probably the biggest abuser of them all ..
so you read the current front page askreddit thread and posted the top comment here immediately ?
i saw it dubbed in mexico and that line was the only part in the film where they left the original audio .
i saw it dubbed in mexico and that line was the only part in the film where they left the original audio .
in the brazilian dubbed version of phenomenon george learns french instead of portuguese by reading the dictionary .
in the german version of adventure time , princess bubblegum occasionally speaks turkish instead of german
in the french version of looney tunes , pep le pew speaks with an italian accent .
to be fair there could have been a similar language diversity in california previous to european colonization
go to the dmv and you 'll find out how many languages are spoken in ca .
go to the dmv and you 'll find out how many languages are spoken in ca .
lack of travel methods and isolation over hundreds even thousands of years will do that
it 's more interesting how few dialects there are in such a big nation as america
you should look at the caucasus . it 's cultural diversity turned up to eleven
because prc decided it 'll name their own bishops ...
that 'll explain why i saw a republic of china embassy when i was in the vatican city .
that 'll explain why i saw a republic of china embassy when i was in the vatican city .
to be fair the holy see has diplomatic relations with nearly all countries in the world , except for afghanistan , saudi arabia ( though they 've begun working on it since 2007 ) , comoros , the maldives , oman , the prc , north korea , bhutan , botswana and tuvalu .
pretty much because china does n't have any meaningful way of sanctioning the vatican .
taiwan 1 vatican 2 ... china 193
except for me of course i 'll live forever
also religion .
also religion .
a lot of ancient cultures fully embrace death as a part of nature though .
socrates had a good view on death
meh , i 've been around for a while . denial is over rated
so i can , so i can something something in your eyes
__url__
__url__
so you can see !
i wear them indoors
perfect .
lets not draw any conclusions from this , fellas
drawy drawy man united
drawy drawy man united
no , they have n't ? they currently have 15 draws , while the record is 17 .
tough draw for united .
you could say the draws really tied their season together
lol at the crowd 's reaction " they looked at us like we killed santa claus . "
how do you accidentally beat the harlem globetrotters ?
how do you accidentally beat the harlem globetrotters ?
" accidentally "
this post really needs some more context , especially if you do n't know who the washington generals are . after reading the wiki , i understand much more now .
they suck so bad , they can n't even lose right .
they lock up a ton of innocent people too . everyone just assumes that if you make it to a trial you must be guilty .
i 've read that most yakuza activities are ignored by the police .
i 've read that most yakuza activities are ignored by the police .
it 's still safer here , even if the police stopped reporting murders as suicides .
do n't they still have the death penalty , too ?
have you ever been to japan ? it 's crazy safe there .
half of the attendees were pallbearers
it 's sad he ate himself to death , such a fantastic talent .
it 's sad he ate himself to death , such a fantastic talent .
here he is singing over the rainbow .
a lot of people have seen this short by disney but do n't realize that it was based on him and his wife !
i read this while hearing ' somewhere over the rainbow ' .
tony blair ridiculed the movie in prime minister 's questions . bill clinton dismissed the movie as a work of fiction . the americans never captured a single enigma machine . 2 were by canadians , 13 by the british .
i remember something that the polish actually captured an enigma machine first , however it was an early variant during the start of the war that the managed to successfully crack .
i remember something that the polish actually captured an enigma machine first , however it was an early variant during the start of the war that the managed to successfully crack .
next you 're going to tell me that wolverine was not in japan during the dropping of the abomb and that nic cage is not a national treasure
it was the polish who got it first
this is certainly one of my most hated movies .
why are we focused on the dolphin penis when nature is showing us that slime eels are great for jerking off ?
in the next 24 hrs round the country , stores are reporting sudden demand for eels ...
in the next 24 hrs round the country , stores are reporting sudden demand for eels ...
lmao
ocean fleshlights
for dolphin penis .
oh ? ... ohhhhh ! ! !
so in suicide squad , joker was really so upset because harley quinn kept taunting him with gay slang , i finally get it now .
so in suicide squad , joker was really so upset because harley quinn kept taunting him with gay slang , i finally get it now .
i know what " eating pudding " means and i 'm not even gay . edit " pudding cup " is prison lingo for asshole
sorry , i do n't get it . can someone explain ?
pudding pokers !
i 'd like to think that at least one person in the area ended an argument with " when pigs fly " that day , and then saw the news
years later , peter frampton bought that pig at pink floyd 's garage sale .
years later , peter frampton bought that pig at pink floyd 's garage sale .
according to wikipedia : for the 1987 88 8 9 tour , the band added testicles to the pig . david gilmour has said this was an attempt to get around roger waters having the image rights for the pig . that made it a new kind of pig .
they did n't need to close heathrow for safety reasons , it was just because a manager said " we 'll close heathrow when pigs fly , " and you gotta listen to your manager ...
they hired a sharp shooter the first day to prevent this from happening . but when they went back for the reshoot , they did n't bother ..
i 'm a simple man . i see portugal , i upvote .
can confirm , it is called " portakal " in turkish .
can confirm , it is called " portakal " in turkish .
also the reason it 's " orange " instead of " narang " is because people would hear " an orange " when someone said " a narang " until it got stuck that way .
in greek
should have figured this would show up after that thread about oranges .
egypt was the emperor 's personal property . senior officials generals in the roman empire had to get his personal permission to visit travel to egypt .
give me 21 egypts , please . i 'll need change back
give me 21 egypts , please . i 'll need change back
that does n't in any way mean he could act upon and use all of those assets or sell that land .
that helps when you own the literal breadbasket of the mediterranean
i kind of feel like it 's cheating to count the ruler of one of the largest empires ever .
in 5 dimensions !
the eye of chaos !
the eye of chaos !
amateur .
old news , bud .
oh ya , suck my jaggon ! put your finger in my thrusher !
are you in france ?
are you in france presently
are you in france presently
tomorrow , will you have ever been to france ? or : surrender much ?
i 'm in france
best equivalent : do you go to france ?
r accidentalpun
username " checks out " ( )
username " checks out " ( )
great use of the scottish spca as well .
that 's horrifying
username checks out .
he is probably the most naturally gifted snooker player ever to play the game . he still holds the record for the fastest maximum , set in 1997 : __url__
wait , is this not allowed ? i do n't play in any organized league , but in playing casual i often use my opposite hand . sometimes the table just sets up so that it 's easier that way . i 'm not ambidextrous but i can make an easy shot with my off hand .
wait , is this not allowed ? i do n't play in any organized league , but in playing casual i often use my opposite hand . sometimes the table just sets up so that it 's easier that way . i 'm not ambidextrous but i can make an easy shot with my off hand .
" do you feel better or do i have to keep beating you with my bad hand ? "
i 'm usually right handed but i play pool left handed . trying to work on getting both hands balanced .
he is the greatest and he 's only 42 .
and do n't get me started on what they call earthquakes on uranus .
well ...
well ...
yes , it 's not on earth .
and black people in canada are called african canadians .
groundbreaking !
more expensive than android butter , though .
to be fair you have to have a really high iq to truly love apple butter .
to be fair you have to have a really high iq to truly love apple butter .
used to always be my go to breakfast in the fall with some toast and butter . my favorite location near me closed
i just made 5 pounds and preserved it yesterday . so easy . so good .
rub it out on some toast in the morning ( with coffee ) is the best !
wait until they find out about how the all blacks used their war dance .
i was big into bionicle when that happened . iirc the big one was that some of their religious words were used , and they found it disrespectful . lego changed some of the religious words but kept the more mundane ones .
i was big into bionicle when that happened . iirc the big one was that some of their religious words were used , and they found it disrespectful . lego changed some of the religious words but kept the more mundane ones .
well , i do n't imagine anyone but the tolkien estate has a legitimate claim to control over a language ...
still have the original 6 in packaging and 16 years later they 're still worth the same amount . there was that many produced .
i knew this one ! :d
cbs is a dumpster of ideas
oh my jesus that is a hot mess of garbage my goodness
oh my jesus that is a hot mess of garbage my goodness
any 3d movie with jim parson is just guaranteed bad .
actually i think strangely enough mj would 've enjoyed the special , cash grab or not .
that is a hell of a cast tho .
incredibly on point opinion
yeah dude . i knew it was n't to be fucked with when i went to work out and thought i was coming down and the my heart started to feel all funny . already have a condition . no thanks .
yeah dude . i knew it was n't to be fucked with when i went to work out and thought i was coming down and the my heart started to feel all funny . already have a condition . no thanks .
in ww2 japan produced millions and millions of pill form methamphetamine . it was called philopon ( love work in latin ) and after the war there were millions of addicts !
most people use it with no problems . sure it is n't perfect , but it has it uses .
exactly . i 've been addicted for the last 5 years , the longest i 've gone without it is 17 days . my life would be much better if i had never started taking it .
i gave up after 5 minutes with idiots . 5 years , torture .
and yet i still find myself playing games like league of legends and overwatch .
and yet i still find myself playing games like league of legends and overwatch .
too edgy to coexist
wow octopuses are so intelligent they only need 5 years to stip being able to cope with this sh t
you should read the draco tavern . an alien sells a human the designs for a super advanced ai . the humans build it , but ... well i do n't want to spoil it for you .
ultra obligatory , they really want to stress just how obligatory it is
it 's identical ... it becomes giri because you give it out of obligation . you might give special chocolates to a few special people though . and there is no ultra ... giri literally translates to obligation and choko is short for chocolate .
it 's identical ... it becomes giri because you give it out of obligation . you might give special chocolates to a few special people though . and there is no ultra ... giri literally translates to obligation and choko is short for chocolate .
i dunno , you got free chocolate , that seems nice .
it 's kind of like a participation trophy , and those only really work if everyone gets one . if you give a participation trophy to the losers , but the winner still gets a big cup , it kinda defeats the purpose .
speak for yourself .
kinda weird as in how do you even meet a high schooler in that manner when you are nearly 40 years old . but damn she is a stunner .
if you like a little scandal . apparently jerry and soshanna broke up in 1997 . in 1998 , he met jessica skylar at the gym . she left her husband ( eric nederlander ) just weeks after getting married to date ( and then marry ) seinfeld in 1999 .
if you like a little scandal . apparently jerry and soshanna broke up in 1997 . in 1998 , he met jessica skylar at the gym . she left her husband ( eric nederlander ) just weeks after getting married to date ( and then marry ) seinfeld in 1999 .
so what you are saying is that the only chance i have of banging a 17 year old when i 'm 39 is if i have my own sitcom .
39 2 7 26.5 ! !
everything is ok when you 're rich .
oh god i 've been grinding my pancreas to lvl 50 this whole time
you really do n't want your pancreas levels to be high , trust me . when your pancreas hurts you 're in a fucking world of pain .
you really do n't want your pancreas levels to be high , trust me . when your pancreas hurts you 're in a fucking world of pain .
how high 's the pancreas mama ?
nah you never want it over 160u l .
his pancreas level is over 9000 ! !
and now they treat men like an inept child , " sir you can n't sit there , sir you can n't be here , sir you can n't stand there "
did n't he also kill himself after the company became really successful or is that a myth ?
did n't he also kill himself after the company became really successful or is that a myth ?
nowdays i dread this store as much as any other store and generally just let my so to buy her own god damned underwear
you 've never seen the social network ? !
so basically at the beginning victoria 's secret truly was that it was actually victor .
i think you 're making the same point
ability is qualification . winning the race is the " past experiences " part .
ability is qualification . winning the race is the " past experiences " part .
i think it 's about the use of competition in a hiring process .
you 're literally making the exact same point . word for word
why do you have to bring race into it ?
no he does say it once but something loud is going off in the background so you can n't hear it . if you read his lips he says several of the cast members real names as his name .
... dammit jackie !
... dammit jackie !
they could n't pronounce it so they called him fez .
jackie . little loud girls name was jackie
it 's jackie
you can definitely " fight someone off " while " stepping in to help " someone else being assaulted .
those two are n't mutually exclusive .
those two are n't mutually exclusive .
3 sentences is like 17 words too many
what article ?
well based off her friend 's words , she did n't step in to help so much as chased him down and attacked him after the fact .
her music is n't really my thing , and i think she 's not really qualified to dress herself , but i would romantically disappoint the hell out of that woman .
she has surgically engineered herself to be fun to fuck , so yes .
she has surgically engineered herself to be fun to fuck , so yes .
is " would touch that with a ten foot pole " a typo , or the new " could care less " ?
i find her attractive . she was probably even hotter without implants in her butt and boobs
nope , i do n't find her attractive . i generally do n't find fakeness attractive , and they do n't come much faker than that .
one could say he was aggressively progressive .
he was like stalin . alltough stalin didnt like the jews . he didnt try to get rid of them . he stopped after their wealth .
he was like stalin . alltough stalin didnt like the jews . he didnt try to get rid of them . he stopped after their wealth .
marry a daughter off to them , then send them to the front lines to fight for you . if they survive , they earn merit and get promoted . if they die , they die .
i would say more of a communist than a progressive . in communism , we don t discriminate on who we kill .
he raped the most women like ever . like as far as we know . biggest rapist . wow .
too bad they dont live long :( we could have octopus buddies if they lived longer than 5 years
sounds like they 're even smarter than dogs if they can do all that .
sounds like they 're even smarter than dogs if they can do all that .
i love them
probably because they can n't speak and they 're delicious .
if they 're so smart then why do n't they have kardashians ?
almost .. almost .. there we are !
__url__
__url__
followed by a brew ( cup of tea ) .
do n't worry love the cavalry is ' ere !
romp ? ! romp ? ! romp ? !
no wonder she 's such a whore .
wow ... he 's actually nicer to his ex than his mom
wow ... he 's actually nicer to his ex than his mom
in cannibal ! the musical , trey 's horse , who also betrays him for a bunch of stinking trappers , is named lianne . trey 's film credit lists him as " juan schwartz " .
also , trey has a sister named shelly
oddly , after decades of watching the show i do n't think i ever registered cartman 's mom as even having a name . she 's just " cartman 's mom , " or " meeeem . "
people do n't know what commonwealth games are ?
nauru means " laughter " in finnish .
nauru means " laughter " in finnish .
fun fact : 91 of nauru 's population is overweight and 71 is obese
i 've always wanted to go there .
he kinda looks like senator armstrong from mgr : r
massachusetts would choose one but then our attorney general would ban it .
alaska pre 1964 winchester model 70 arizona colt single action army revolver indiana grouseland rifle kentucky kentucky long rifle pennsylvania long rifle tennessee barrett m82 utah m1911 pistol west virginia hall rifle
alaska pre 1964 winchester model 70 arizona colt single action army revolver indiana grouseland rifle kentucky kentucky long rifle pennsylvania long rifle tennessee barrett m82 utah m1911 pistol west virginia hall rifle
pennsylvania is like the north 's south .
sig did the work for you , texas __url__
i 'm surprised texas is n't on this list . i guess it 's because we love all of our guns equally .
cia , are you paying attention ? i think we 've found a way in .
more like kim jong chill
more like kim jong chill
so if we send eric clapton and dennis rodman in , then world war iii is averted right ?
he probably thinks they might be related . if the kim family thinks of themselves as gods , and clapton is god ...
so , which one is the " black sheep " of the family ? the one out of the country or the nut case ?
has science gone too far ? ! ?
god damn i miss reading the weekly world news in the grocery story checkout line .
god damn i miss reading the weekly world news in the grocery story checkout line .
oh my god . the weekly world news has a website ! ? how did i not think about this before . i was just saying to my wife that i miss seeing them on the rack at the checkout counter .
i 'm really happy to know that weekly world news is still fighting the good fight in the online era !
wait , is this true ? r
half man , half bear , half snowman .
learned this while browsing r etymology and thought more people would find it interesting .
learned this while browsing r etymology and thought more people would find it interesting .
i tried to warn everybody but no one takes me cereal !
oh so close ! al gore will be super cereal even more so !
and the yeti is usually depicted as white in popular culture but amongst most sightings , it 's said to be brown , black , red , or a combination like it 's direct relative , sasquatch .
reminds me of the candy bar vending machine incident with george at the auto shop . it was a set up !
or never to return a book you read while in the bathroom .
or never to return a book you read while in the bathroom .
why ? how do you eat it ? with your hands ? !
what do you use ? your hands ? !
but what if i dont want to get my fingers all chocolaty ?
weird , cook ended up cooked .
considering t ' ' e were from north yorkshire and were a smoggie , ' e woulda ' thought that this were ing shite . ' e were trying t ' kidnap t ' chief o ' hawaii like in return fer'a stolen longboat they didna like that wee much .
considering t ' ' e were from north yorkshire and were a smoggie , ' e woulda ' thought that this were ing shite . ' e were trying t ' kidnap t ' chief o ' hawaii like in return fer'a stolen longboat they didna like that wee much .
tldr cooked by hawaiians ( burial ritual )
samwell ' mired cook hard .
pretty sure they cover it in this : __url__ and then if you liked that , listen to this : __url__
risky click of the day .
unzips pants
unzips pants
it 's like tossing a man outta huge cavernous cavern !
damn you were born a grown ass man
with rocks and trees and everything .
you need us to kill 14,000 ? no , just 40 ok , 14,000 . no , 40 ! yes , yes ... just 14,000 . consider it done ! jesus ...
he who controls the spice controls the universe
he who controls the spice controls the universe
kill 40 ? oooohhh we thought you said leave 40 . woops .
count on the japanese to come out that much higher than the quota .
they did really really bad things in asia
ah yes , i 've had their milk .
i also was perplexed ... yet strangely attracted .
i also was perplexed ... yet strangely attracted .
i knew this . i feel smart .
hmmm ... is magnesium also named after this place ?
fucking magnets , how do they work ?
or just to copper feel .
she 's like 15 ! ! not cool !
she 's like 15 ! ! not cool !
i 've been there and touched it . it 's a completely different color where people have touched for years
but rubbing the left one is just perverted
but only while suckin on the right one
reporter : so , why do you write these strong female characters ? joss whedon : because you re still asking me that question .
the same argument is used for religion . it 's so cyclical , it 's easier just to stop the conversation than to have a debate about it . it 's like saying , " the screaming when i 'm stabbing you is so annoying that i have to stab you to stop it . "
the same argument is used for religion . it 's so cyclical , it 's easier just to stop the conversation than to have a debate about it . it 's like saying , " the screaming when i 'm stabbing you is so annoying that i have to stab you to stop it . "
what does she mean by " comments ? " out and out misogyny or opposition to what the author of the article is saying ? creationists also elicit controversy with the things they say . does this mean creationism is justified ?
you know , most internet comments are cancer . youtube is the worst . reddit is a little better with the upvote system , but yeah . judging anything by internet comments is pretty retarded .
scroll to bottom of comments ... yep .
" nah mate they 're not gone , i got the last 7 of em worth taking ! " was n't even right about it , so his boasting was for naught
they have a genetic bottleneck now though , so they might be fucked by some disease that comes along .
they have a genetic bottleneck now though , so they might be fucked by some disease that comes along .
there was definitely a foul .
well they still killed seven so i 'd definitely say harming and fouling accured .
how are not extinct though ?
sounds like a feature to me .
just imagine the reactions of the crew who found this bug
just imagine the reactions of the crew who found this bug
til that one time fire had a new meaning .
i 'm sure it will be patched in the next windows update .
sounds like my sex life
" look at me , i am the dumbass now " .
" you know , abdul , i 'm starting to seriously question your leadership of this boat . "
" you know , abdul , i 'm starting to seriously question your leadership of this boat . "
i know it was getting a little bit elderly by that stage , but even then it was a really big doh by the pirates .
" i immediately regret this decision ! "
from one of the somali pirates ... so , tifu ...
maybe make good star wars movies so people will n't yell at you .
it 's treason then
it 's treason then
why did they yell at him ?
well he could of still directed , just not write the scripts
his solution : get rid of everybody and do the next trilogy all by himself .
which emperor ?
is that why only confucius survived ?
is that why only confucius survived ?
i 'm pretty sure multiple people independently invented this tactic .
yes , it is one of the two most solid ancient prototypes of tyranny ( the other being pharaonic egypt ) .
so you mean pulling the same shit for hundreds of years make it acceptable now ?
get stoned and go down the youtube rabbit hole on that subject .
bohemian grove ?
bohemian grove ?
all i can think about is the pepto bismol scene from rat race
i have n't been in years . it used to be fun and all about the pissing and tree fires , but somewhere around ' 09 it got all political and just lost all its luster .
and when congress is n't is session they spend the rest of the time raising money .
61 yards is a 4 way tie . not bad company for the rookie . what a game .
now we can all finally get over that matt bryant 62 yarder with tampa bay that beat us like ten years ago
now we can all finally get over that matt bryant 62 yarder with tampa bay that beat us like ten years ago
is this the longest successful kick by a rookie ?
of those names , how many did it in their rookie season ? how many did it by their third game ? how many were previously picked from a practice squad ? how many did it in their home opener ?
elliott our kicker moving forward
you do n't say ? !
so edgy of her .
so edgy of her .
horsepoop . palmer 's was more intimate whereas hers was a big production .
i like palmer 's song more . for anyone who has n't heard it and is too lazy to type
the first minute or so sounds suspiciously like " uncle salty " by aerosmith .
world war 2 is dominated by bombing to demoralize . it almost never worked , except for 2 nukes .
i think you 'd like the man in the high castle
i think you 'd like the man in the high castle
germany was fine with letting japan take control of the pacific as long as germany could have the west . germany would have probably preferred to take the americas and leave japan out , but who knows what alternate history could have been .
germany 's holdings in the far east had largely been stripped away after wwi , so i doubt they would have had an issue with a relatively compliant ally in control as opposed to the hegemony of their western rivals .
watch " the man in the high castle " on amazon or whatnot . it 's that scenario , and it 's a really intriguing show .
psyop uses : taunt
did it work ?
did it work ?
in iraq we used rock music .
the psyops commander .
another example of psyops using loudspeakers
if it 's like everything else from ancient history , it 's probably 100 times shittier than what you 're used to
you probably would n't love it , actually .
you probably would n't love it , actually .
iirc it 's like alcoholic porridge . the ta for my ancient near eastern archaeology class in undergrad made some and invited any student over 21 to their prof 's office to try it . from what people told me it was n't that great .
look up what swanky is . thats about as close i 've made authentic beer .
sounds like a good way to make money . start a brewery making " authentic " ancient beers . they 'll taste like shit , but hipsters will line up to pay 20 a bottle .
what does a homeowners insurance include ?
what damages ? a dead kid ? and what , money is gonna fix that is it ?
what damages ? a dead kid ? and what , money is gonna fix that is it ?
why would having a certain insurance policy make you more sue able ? i understand that the policy gives them deeper pockets and thus makes them a target , , but could they be sued if they did n't have the policy and just be forced to bankrupt ? something does n't seem right here .
i doubt the insurance company will cover that actually . it was an intentional act . could have even been considered terrorism which is a very common exclusion .
but would n't they have to prove that parents were accomplices in the crime ? simply sharing common genes does not make one guilty by association
my mum makes amazing dandelion wine . the neighbours think she 's a bit bonkers when she 's out picking her dandelions .
momma had a baby and its head popped off
momma had a baby and its head popped off
oi , gif a badger some dandelion cordial , wooodja ' matthias ?
in first grade we picked dandelions then made dandelion omelets . one of the 3 things i remember from first grade .
i am a gardener and have a profound respect for dandelions . they are also an important nectar source for bees early in the season . biotech is a fucking evil industry : __url__
definitely not the worst top scorer .
of all the top polish goalscorers ( sample : lewandowski ) , he is by far the best .
of all the top polish goalscorers ( sample : lewandowski ) , he is by far the best .
oh i do n't know . he seems like a pretty run of the mill top scorer to me .
r titlegore
in history ...
nothing but shafts 24 7
that 's kinda gay .
that 's kinda gay .
if a bear is hungry , he 'll eat .
that takes mining for gold to a hole nother level .
" you shore gotta purty mouth "
schizophrenia is correlated with urbanization . but it 's mostly genes that lead to both urbanization and schizophrenia . __url__
weighing the pros and cons of schizophrenia and opioid addition
weighing the pros and cons of schizophrenia and opioid addition
i have a test about this tomorrow , haha . yes , also people who live in cities are more likely to develop many mental conditions such as generalised anxiety disorder !
i feel like i have ptsd growing up where i did for so long
it 's almost like humans developed over thousands of years to live in small tribal units in sparsely populated natural environments and not all of us are able to adjust to living in massively dense artificial landscapes ...
i bless the rain clouds in aaaaaafricaaaaa
guerilla spiritual warfare
guerilla spiritual warfare
or get priests to sanctify local water supply acround the world . baptise everyone every time they shower .
where were you when the winchesters were fighting demons on the surface ?
so that 's what the chemtrails are about .
8.0 k d at least . if he killed anyone before this moment that number can only get better
the people with xx 2 k d are the real badasses
the people with xx 2 k d are the real badasses
actually 8 kills and 0 deaths is infinite kd .
unless i 'm misunderstanding the citation . it seems he actually had a k d of 26 , what a beast .
if you read the wikipedia article it 's well over 30 .
next thing you know he 's stealing cop cars one tentacle on the wheel 7 on yo bitch
they 're basically aquatic toddlers
they 're basically aquatic toddlers
like that evil turtle from family guy .
he 's ink orrigible .
r madlads
this would probably explain why i 've thought some of their videos lacked scientific evidence
incredible how he 's fallen , from delivering stirring speeches to perpetrating mass shootings around the globe .
incredible how he 's fallen , from delivering stirring speeches to perpetrating mass shootings around the globe .
oh ... my god . how did i not know this existed . that was so painful .
i do n't think this is true . a friend of mine wanted to bring tedx to our university and had to get approval and sign contracts with ted . perhaps maybe the content is n't regulated .
" i 've been all around the grelobe . "
ahem xfiniti
it looks like sallie mae still originates loans . they just sell some of them to their spin off subsidiary navient .
it looks like sallie mae still originates loans . they just sell some of them to their spin off subsidiary navient .
blackwater did the same thing after commiting many atrocities and quite possibly war crimes while overseas .
holy shit i was wondering what happened to sallie mae when i noticed their massive office building in my home town is now owned by navient .
while we 're here ... ally financial , formerly known as gmac and gm , formerly known as gm with lawsuits .
it 's kinda funny though ... before the box stores , people repaired more and replaced less . faucet leaking ? 1970 replace the washers . today replace the faucet , but really might as well do the vanity and sink too .
and that 's weird to me , for whom menards has been an omnipresent big box hardware store since forever ( sixties , according to wikipedia ) .
and that 's weird to me , for whom menards has been an omnipresent big box hardware store since forever ( sixties , according to wikipedia ) .
where i live there are places that still will n't sell to you unless you 're a contractor . what is this ? 1940 ? i need a box a terracotta tiles , you do n't want my money ?
lowes founded in 1946 . maybe they did n't get big until home depot came around in 1978 and showed them how it 's done . hd may be the best performing stock of all stocks , since 1982 .
i miss scotty 's . mostly for the ridiculous logo .
more like a 20 year cocaine habit cocksucka lol .
for a guy who claims to not give a fuck , i guess he decided to give just one
for a guy who claims to not give a fuck , i guess he decided to give just one
blue cheese with wings or the get the fuck outta here . you savages .
dude did a hot ones episode a few months ago and was sweating like he ran a marathon . entertaining episode .
pretty sure the cat did did
i grew up catholic ... can non clergy even do baptisms ? sounds weird .
my mom did this to my kids
my mom did this to my kids
i mean good for her but that 's weird as hell .
i like how the only people this would offend are other religious nutters . like , i do n't care if a mormon baptizes me . it 's no different from a shaman doing a dance and blessing me . actually , the shaman seems more fun .
one day in the far future we will hopefully be able to come to terms with mental illness and not have to feel so ashamed anymore . i know she meant the best , but this kind of stuff really makes me sad .
reservoir capacity is a measure of size
op 's mom . ftfy
op 's mom . ftfy
how much do we need to do to slow it down so we have like 4 more hours a day ?
dam !
could this be a direct cause of abnormal weather ?
the announcers say that story every time the raptors play the knicks
i 'm surprised the nets have n't pulled the 48 year timeout yet , given how badly things have been going for them .
i 'm surprised the nets have n't pulled the 48 year timeout yet , given how badly things have been going for them .
yep .
til the knicks were originally called the knickerbockers
rich tradition
that is the issue for me . with a lot of goodwill , you can maybe explain away the baby formula thing . but this is just plain evil . " you 're too poor to buy water ? sucks for you i guess ! ! "
of course you are misinterpreting what he said but who cares , we are on reddit , lets complain about the outrage machine and then be happily be the outrage machine . hahaha .
of course you are misinterpreting what he said but who cares , we are on reddit , lets complain about the outrage machine and then be happily be the outrage machine . hahaha .
pretty sure even hitler said , food and water should be a nation provided service to the people free of charge , he even whent as far as offering free education . so you could literally say this cunts worse than hitler in that aspect .
this . water . ai n't . freeee .
it is n't though
baldurs gate 2 may be the best game ever all things considered . that was a series i wish they would have continued to go after . with that level of quality you could have had a final fantasy type series .
best game i 've ever played . total immersive experience . it was like reading a great novel but fighting epic real time battles as well .
best game i 've ever played . total immersive experience . it was like reading a great novel but fighting epic real time battles as well .
one of the loading screen tips reminds you that you need to eat . when that popped up i sat there for a few minutes trying to remember if i 'd stopped playing long enough to have a meal ( or even a snack ) . if i recall the answer was no .
what about icewind dale ?
beholders were the absolute worst unless you cheesed them .
that 's nothing . there is this woman who 's been married to martin sheen for 56 years !
i 'd expect nothing less of president bartlet t . edit : removed the extra t because he 's not the president of the pear nation . although that 'd be a sweet gig .
i 'd expect nothing less of president bartlet t . edit : removed the extra t because he 's not the president of the pear nation . although that 'd be a sweet gig .
it 's really kind of sad that this is a novelty .
only a big deal in hollywood .
til i have no clue how old people actually are .
of course not . you can be flying to astana in kazakhstan . they qualified for the group stages in cl a few years back .
some of the teams in russia are further away than the us . not really an issue though , seeing as they do n't qualify for this as far as i 'm aware
some of the teams in russia are further away than the us . not really an issue though , seeing as they do n't qualify for this as far as i 'm aware
i do n't know if there 's any azerbadian clubs in the cl , so israel might be the furthest .
tel aviv has beaches , warmish all year round and you can get there on easyjet from stansted for 110 , it would be a wicked away trip . the hardest part would be spending 5 hours on easyjet with only a stupid picture of a croissant for inseat entertainment .
5 hours flight from london to tel aviv
he then lit a giant cache of wildfire to burn the trapped ships .
washington , washington . 6ft 20 , fucking killing for fun .
washington , washington . 6ft 20 , fucking killing for fun .
direct link to picture of these things
you can still see some of the links on the west point tour ( or go to the long pond iron works state in ringwood west milford to see where they were forged )
" if it 's stupid and it works ... then it ai n't stupid "
i love democracy . i love the republic .
if it 's the liberty to own a gun ? yeah , i 'll clap and cheer the whole way .
if it 's the liberty to own a gun ? yeah , i 'll clap and cheer the whole way .
it 's fitting that a government and society based on the roman empire would fall the same way that rome did .
historically speaking democracies have a pretty bad track record .
... as britain , germany , and canada all passed blasphemy laws .
" ah , your royal majesty , those barbaric tribes had attacked us and stole all our screws , so we ... attacked them back for our screws . that 's why it took us so long to return home . "
" but sir we gave them the rest of our steel weapons during the last orgy ! we . have . no . metal . left ! " " wait a minute , look there ! sir jonson has found a knife aaand he traded it for a quicky ... "
" but sir we gave them the rest of our steel weapons during the last orgy ! we . have . no . metal . left ! " " wait a minute , look there ! sir jonson has found a knife aaand he traded it for a quicky ... "
do n't you mean hardy , christian nails ? you mentioned jew nails and lost me .
gta level economics !
or use them for more sexy time !
and that her real name is maraj and she is of indian descent . i think tatyana ali from fresh prince has the same background .
she 's actually 34 .
she 's actually 34 .
not until december
she 's only 34
lol i thought she was over 40
shrugs " what are the odds , amarite ? " shot dead
so , it 's a lose lose situation then .
so , it 's a lose lose situation then .
so ... try harder or die .
from the wikipedia article : " there were even fairy tales for little children that promoted the kamikaze . " anyone know of an english translation ?
guess you could say his 9 lives were up
in other news , water is wet ...
so everything shrek taught me was a lie
so everything shrek taught me was a lie
wait ' til you hear the shock news of the pope 's religion ! or , after the 11:00 news , what bears do in woods
rules of dating : 1 ) be attractive . 2 ) do n't be unattractive .
yeah , no shit .
in some states it seems like it was never repealed .
federal troops need to be sent to distressed neighborhoods of chicago with those orders
federal troops need to be sent to distressed neighborhoods of chicago with those orders
yeeee . in the vernacular , " open season " for law enforcement .
and they were probably white
some disturbing opinions in the comments . clearly , few of you have been through a large scale disaster . i am comforted that the opinions of those on the internet are not the same as the opinion of those in society as a whole .
" was amazing googles furiously not dead yet sigh of relief
whoever wrote his material was funny .
whoever wrote his material was funny .
saw shatner at a convention one time , he was a very good speaker , very funny .
loved him in psych
was ? he is still alive
they seem to have bounced back
i remember this . it was my first year living on my own , and i 'd moved from a small town to a big city . my money management skills were what you 'd expect . so i ate a lot of those free big macs . enough , in fact , that now that i think about it i have not had one since then .
i remember this . it was my first year living on my own , and i 'd moved from a small town to a big city . my money management skills were what you 'd expect . so i ate a lot of those free big macs . enough , in fact , that now that i think about it i have not had one since then .
so , the soviets hit the capitalists exactly where it hurts in lieu of some coins ? i 'm not sure how to feel about this .
i do n't get this . let 's say they won 100 gold medals . are they giving away 100 big macs for free to the first 100 people ? or 100 big macs to each person who comes ? how does the " each " medal part of it work ?
my dad was in college at the time and he said he basically ate free that entire summer thanks to mcdonalds .
fun fact , he was a strong proponent of circumcision with the aim of using the pain caused during circumcision to form a mental link between pain and the penis , further deterring masturbation .
adam ruined this a while back . kellogg popularised non religious circumcision as a method to prevent masturbation __url__ that cock on the kellogg 's package should be bald
adam ruined this a while back . kellogg popularised non religious circumcision as a method to prevent masturbation __url__ that cock on the kellogg 's package should be bald
j . h . kellogg was played to perfection by anthony hopkins in " the road to wellville " .
the origins of breakfast cereals is a surprisingly bizarre one .
did you listen to the dollop episode about him ?
maybe they just give up on living after 5 years of dealing with idiots all the time .
is that their natural life span or in captivity ? while most smaller animals live longer lives in the safety and care of captivity , it seems the larger sea animals live only a fraction of their natural span .
is that their natural life span or in captivity ? while most smaller animals live longer lives in the safety and care of captivity , it seems the larger sea animals live only a fraction of their natural span .
no cause then they 'd become mindflares .
if the mothers didnt die laying their eggs this would be a different planet .
i sometimes wonder how different octopuses would be if they lived longer . or if they had social behavior , so that problem solving and knowledge could be passed from generation to generation , instead of learned and lost on an individual basis .
that 's what i understood . i do n't imagine he learned the language that way , but he could ' speak ' english that way . that must have been pretty rough during filming
right ? i remember having to memorize poems in spanish class , and having to recite them in front of the class . i did n't know what i was saying , but i sure as hell did n't memorize the poem phonetically .
right ? i remember having to memorize poems in spanish class , and having to recite them in front of the class . i did n't know what i was saying , but i sure as hell did n't memorize the poem phonetically .
" mucho gusto , me llamo bradley " is how i first learned to speak spanish . had no idea what i was saying . now i know to stay away from girls named mexi .
that is how the beatles learn love me do in german .
opera singers do this all the time .
no soup for you ! next !
soup is just left over food in water .
soup is just left over food in water .
crushing crackers in soup is so ... uncivilized . i use oyster crackers !
it 's like i 'm talking to my aunt silvia here .
did he crumble crackers ? ?
there 's dozens of us ! dozens ! let me at em i 'll scrap em
nope . my dad loved him . i , on the other hand , despised him .
nope . my dad loved him . i , on the other hand , despised him .
right ? ? people talk shit about him because he confronted the danger instead of running away from it ... scrappy taught me confidence .
growing up i did n't like scooby doo at all . i always thought every episode was the exact same and grew tired of watching it all together . i loved scrappy though because he was n't a scared dweeb .
nope , not at all my friend .
in reality they both get pickled in the unholy fire water of the devil . downs another shot of vodka
in the event that you 've donated a kidney , how do you tell which one you still have ?
in the event that you 've donated a kidney , how do you tell which one you still have ?
my heart thinks those people were silly to believe that .
yeah , but having a kidney on each shoulder , one with horns and the other with wings and a halo , just does n't have the same reaction , y'know ?
i just looked both of the verses up ( in the bible ) , listed in the wiki article ... and neither one have the word kidney in them . maybe somebody looked through versions until they found one that did ?
i never thought it was to be taken as anything other than literally . i guess it 's all that science fiction i read growing up .
seriously ? but all this science he does n't understand
seriously ? but all this science he does n't understand
i thought it was about living as a closeted gay man . " i 'm not the man i think i am at home . no no no no . i 'm a rocket man . " he 's " burning up my fuse out here alone " because he can n't find another man to connect with .
it 's based on a short story by ray bradbury .
it does contain the most scientifically ludicrous line however : " it 's just my job five days a week . " you do n't get weekends off if you are flying to mars .
good news : your book cover will n't burn ! bad news : your book cover causes cancer .
did n't they recently release a version that has a match inside the cover , and the spine is a matchbook striker ? edit : did my own research , here it is
did n't they recently release a version that has a match inside the cover , and the spine is a matchbook striker ? edit : did my own research , here it is
i made a sweet diorama in the 6th grade about 451 it had a little pile of books made of clay , with a little light bulb in the center covered with orange tissue paper . and a little guy roasting marshmallows . a book beside him turned the light on when you closed it .
with bonus cancer ! buy today !
i am an asbestos defense lawyer ama .
edison did not murder an elephant . that is an utter myth . __url__
edison did not murder an elephant . that is an utter myth . __url__
edison did not murder an elephant . that is an utter myth . __url__
topsy !
i mean , the elephant was kind of an asshole if i remember correctly .
tesla murdered an elephant ?
i 'm pretty sure they were referring to the cut up tentacles still squirming around not the entire octopus still completely alive just being devoured like something out of jurassic park . this is just fucking horrific .
what the fuck ... how can you see such an intelligent being struggling for life in front of your eyes and treat it like that ? disgusting . regardless of our ethical decisions about eating other animals , this is just psychological torture .
what the fuck ... how can you see such an intelligent being struggling for life in front of your eyes and treat it like that ? disgusting . regardless of our ethical decisions about eating other animals , this is just psychological torture .
yeahhh , i guess the comments are turned off for this one . jesus fucking christ
i like how the ad for this video was crab legs being broken in half at red lobster .
the last 30 seconds or so are hilarious . if you just played it to someone they would n't know if she was talking about an octopus or a penis
well you learned it ... today
r im14andthisisdeep
r im14andthisisdeep
over 1,000 feet . great slave lake in canada is even deeper i believe .
lake superior has 10 of all the fresh water in the world .
that 's what he said
the long con
relevant xkcd __url__
relevant xkcd __url__
like in invader zim ?
see the game called planetary annihilation .
the ultimate r prorevenge story
and the fact that he knew he had a child and knowingly ignore them . dudes was a shitty person .
i do n't think he regretted that at all , he seemed like a pretty shitty guy by most accounts .
i do n't think he regretted that at all , he seemed like a pretty shitty guy by most accounts .
na , that 's probably not it , he would have had to give a shit about someone else to regret that .
wait , what ? did he actually get the organ or just attempt to ?
why a liver ?
watches man being hanged , creates theory of gravity
damn that would be one hell of an episode of undercover boss .
damn that would be one hell of an episode of undercover boss .
upvoted for " hanged " and not " hung "
maybe he would n't have been so obsessed if he had just gotten laid .
one of the people he convicted was william chaloner who , i kid you not , sold watches which had dildos in them .
__url__
not tight enough .
not tight enough .
if you 're struggling with suicidal thoughts , just hang in there , it will all be over soon
trying too hard
if she survived , it probably wasnt .
i 'm surprised they did n't assume it was witchcraft and burn her at the stake .
r notmyjob " hanged the wench , boss " .
r notmyjob " hanged the wench , boss " .
r therewasanattempt
r therewasanattempt
i 've tried nothing and i 'm all out of ideas
this whole thread turned into a list of great or at least perfectly enjoyable movies all starring nic cage . fuck the hate that guy 's awesome .
lord of war is brilliant .
lord of war is brilliant .
testify ! that movie was downright amazing , and i can n't imagine anyone else who could play that role better .
lord of war is fucking awesome . i do n't really get all the hate for nic cage , to be honest . i have n't seen him in a lot of movies , so i guess he could be doing a lot of shit , but you 'd think the good stuff he 's been in would at least kind of make up for it .
and adaptation
did you ever hear anything about the ginger and boots fucking an ostritch ?
as one does .
as one does .
this guy 's horse fucks .
where 's mr . hands when you need him ?
just right height no bucket required
ive accepted workers back after this . mostly due to the fact that they did quality work . the idiots who did ok to shifty work , i escorted off the property .
did he still get paid though ? i mean admin must have gone through with the papers .
did he still get paid though ? i mean admin must have gone through with the papers .
and that 's how you do it too . like nothing ever happened .
george : i was just blowin ' off a little steam . so what ? jerry : so what ? you 're entitled . george : i 'm emotional . jerry : that 's right . you 're emotional .
did he slip lorne michaels a mickey ?
read his autobiography ... makes motley cr e 's the dirt look like a trip to disneyland .
amazing album .
amazing album .
such a great album and massive transitional change to take minestry to an even harder level . i love them and did not know this .
how many days ?
never trust a junkie
every time i come on reddit i 'm like " yeah i 've seen it all , nothing could phase me at this point " . and then shit like this gets posted and i realize i have n't seen anything yet
no one knows what it means , but it 's provocative
no one knows what it means , but it 's provocative
it 's an angsty " satire "
reasonable response right there
i felt the need to activate bitchholdon.jpg on myself after clicking that link , just wtf :'(
yea , like half the animals in the ocean have specific breeding grounds .
what about apes ?
what about apes ?
elephants seem to use extremely low frequencies to communicate across vast distants to instruct and arrange migrations to certain locations
someone check the naked mole rats , those crazy freak beasts seem to be able to do anything .
no doubt elephants and cetaceans also make the list .
tedx talks can be organized and presented by anyone , with no verification . this occasionally leads to misleading information and or hilarity .
tedx are run locally by people at different places and vary greatly in quality .
tedx are run locally by people at different places and vary greatly in quality .
this is the difference __url__
tedx is independently organized
any random joe with a rehearsed routine can give a presentation on tedx . you have to be invited and have acclaim to give a ted talk
he was jacked in dexter so that helped . he has weird pink lips .
no , michael c hall is hot all around . source : i 'm a heterosexual woman
no , michael c hall is hot all around . source : i 'm a heterosexual woman
michael c . hall is definitely hot .
gauging the responses to this comment and my own feelings , nope , the rest of us think he 's totally hot .
you are 100 correct , am a relatively strait girl michael c hall has been an odd panty puller for me ever since 6 feet under .
you can . the catch is that you can usualy only trademark them for fairly narrow range of goods or services . the problem in this case is that as a supermarket iceland legitimately sells quite a wide range of goods resulting in a fairly broad trademark .
i think you can , it just will n't apply outside your specific industry use case .
i think you can , it just will n't apply outside your specific industry use case .
amazon would like a word .
you definitely can ... the word philosophy is trademarked by a soap shampoo company
i was in the budweiser valley in the czech republic where they make some decent beer . i don t think i need to tell you how their international lawsuit is doing .
his pre wrestling trash talk must have been the stuff of legend
plato means " great shoulders " in ionic greek . also , it 's socrates in the thumbnail .
plato means " great shoulders " in ionic greek . also , it 's socrates in the thumbnail .
best known for his rhetorical elbow .
he learned it from socrates .
bah gawd that man has a family
should point out to people that this is 14 pages long , definitely worth a read .
and the book the plot to seize the white house by jules arthur , which focuses on smedley and the business plot .
and the book the plot to seize the white house by jules arthur , which focuses on smedley and the business plot .
definitely . plus it 's really short .
the guy reading it sounds like hes 3 generous glasses of wine into a carafe
wonderful and insightful , thanks for sharing .
" what happened to good old town pride ? " " that 's been going downhill ever since the lake caught fire . "
randy newman wrote a song about it " burn on . " __url__
randy newman wrote a song about it " burn on . " __url__
why do we need rivers when there is money to be made ?
it 's so polluted that all our fish have aids .
hey our rivers have caught fire too ! pittsburgher
or re gift
you take one dip , and you end it .
you take one dip , and you end it .
having come to the us from a country without dippable foodstuffs , i credit seinfeld with saving me from many an embarassing socioculinary faux pas .
looking at cleavage is like looking at the sun . you do n't stare at it , it 's too risky . you get a sense of it then you look away .
double dipping is gone in 3.0 :(
.. but i use decimeters and centiliters all the time . it 's a base 10 measurement system , no reason to skip entire units of measurement .
that 's like metric vs . freedom units in america ... everyone knows metric , no one uses it .
that 's like metric vs . freedom units in america ... everyone knows metric , no one uses it .
no one uses decimeters ?
it 's pretty commonly used on containers for drinks in europe . ml is unnecessarily precise when the measurement is always a minimum of a couple hundred .
just what you 're used to really .
i 'd come back as a butterfly . no one ever suspects the butterfly
hummingbirds are fucking assholes . they have no concept of personal space .
hummingbirds are fucking assholes . they have no concept of personal space .
i hope they return earth as a hummingbird one day , it would be cool to live on a giant hummingbird .
hummingbirds , the ultimate killers
those central mexican mushrooms are something , are n't they ? !
shh bby is ok
traditions broken . sunderland go down , arsenal fail to make the top 4 .
traditions broken . sunderland go down , arsenal fail to make the top 4 .
enjoy manchester united away you cunts .
__url__
fuck off arsenal enjoy dynamo kebab
what if you die after beating a grizzly in a fistfight
r absolutelynotmeirl
r absolutelynotmeirl
i would n't
the slow dark creep of death is coming to consume us all
i know this is a joke , but i 'd like to point out that he owned up to his mistake and made it clear to everyone he knew that if they were to get cancer that they should get proper treatment instead of wasting their time with false medicine .
screenshot for the curious .
it warms the cockles of my heart to know that the king of jordan is a huge star trek nerd . so much so that he wants to build a star trek like " disneyland " park in country . and the episode that he was in was called " investigations . "
it warms the cockles of my heart to know that the king of jordan is a huge star trek nerd . so much so that he wants to build a star trek like " disneyland " park in country . and the episode that he was in was called " investigations . "
should 've held out for ds9 .
the planet jordon ?
it 's good to be king
because abortions end only the fetus ' life . ( not getting into that ethical can of worms ) but if you do n't vaccinate you can cause other children to get sick or possibly die , not just your own offspring .
one has the ability to negatively affect the world on a large scale no matter what side you 're on , the other is abortion which is at best a moral dilemma .
one has the ability to negatively affect the world on a large scale no matter what side you 're on , the other is abortion which is at best a moral dilemma .
there 's a lot of different ways to respond to this , but let me just go with this : choosing not to take a vaccine for yourself is very different from spreading false information that vaccines are full of poisons and caused your child 's autism .
some people just want to rid the world of jews , other wants to create centers for abandoned animals . whats the difference ?
you really do n't know the difference ?
anyone who plays civ will call bullshit on this .
they 're considering building a new colossus or rhodes
they 're considering building a new colossus or rhodes
the great pyramid is awe strucking when you think about it . it 's over 4500 years ! and at 118 m ( 445 ft ) it was the tallest structure in the world for 3800 years !
that first picture looks nothing like the great pyramid , makes me wonder how much of the others are overly glorified
wonder when the great barrier reef will be removed from list of natural wonders .
one that will n't make me sick ...
millennials are n't having kids . the problem might solve itself .
millennials are n't having kids . the problem might solve itself .
well we had a chance with ebola but nooooo everyone had to quarantine that shit .
go watch 12 monkeys first
we 've had two , ebola and zika . unfortunately , modern medicine negates natural selection .
god damn mongolians ! knock down my shitty wall for the last time !
inferior siege engine .
inferior siege engine .
just about every besieging army used that tactic . the city would respond by getting rid of their dead in a similar manner . that was war .
oh those mongols , always finding ways to get in my city wall .
... they probably caught the plague themselves in the process ...
i always found it amusing that the next track is " i will " .
we were this close to having a beatles song titled " why do n't we fling shit from the trees . "
we were this close to having a beatles song titled " why do n't we fling shit from the trees . "
designated monkey fucking streets
clearly , someone was watching them .
did you hear this on stern 's mccartney interview ?
i was referring to his scientific prowess , but your point is also valid .
the fact that you willingly choose to display the album cover of the miracle in your home is the most telling sign you love queen .
the fact that you willingly choose to display the album cover of the miracle in your home is the most telling sign you love queen .
wait . i think i 've seen this picture before . looks at username ohh . yeah that makes sense .
that is the s best wall i have ever seen ! :)
fuck
like cats .
false , i have a son who was concieved in a jacuzzi and hes ugly af so close enough to a human fish hybrid thing . if you leave them in a room for too long they just shit all over the place and never learn how to speak interact with other humans . he 's such a screw up .
false , i have a son who was concieved in a jacuzzi and hes ugly af so close enough to a human fish hybrid thing . if you leave them in a room for too long they just shit all over the place and never learn how to speak interact with other humans . he 's such a screw up .
especially if they 're dead .
congratulations ! you made me snort laugh
i keep african pygmies and this is the correct answer
that s not a drive in . that s a ride in . and where did they hang the speaker ? ?
can you imagine if that film were made today ? no way it would even be released . what a great film . satire at it 's best .
can you imagine if that film were made today ? no way it would even be released . what a great film . satire at it 's best .
dang , that was lucky . doggone near lost a 400 hand car .
the concessions stand sold beans and schnitzengruben .
jeez that must 've been uncomfy
yeah , like most cult of personality figures she was a coward so it 's not really surprising that she decided to backpedal on her deathbed .
the closer to death the closer to god
the closer to death the closer to god
intentions do n't make it better .
that 's because the closer she got to ' god ' the quicker she realized he looked more like satan .
right ... thats why she founded an organization to help feed , clothe and give medical assistance to the poor ? are you actually retarded ?
the guy in this ad has a mouth .
he 's had a drinking problem ever since his wife left
he 's had a drinking problem ever since his wife left
ahh ... the old reddit spunk a roo !
think of all the african children who could have drank that water but no his entire face was apparently thirsty .
they always are missing there mouth
those who do not study history are doomed to repeat it micheal scott
a generation is roughly 20 years because that 's how long it takes for a fetus to get to where it can reproduce another fetus . 3 generations it seems .
a generation is roughly 20 years because that 's how long it takes for a fetus to get to where it can reproduce another fetus . 3 generations it seems .
the chinese , perhaps even more than americans , have super duper amnesia when it comes to their own history . every year i show my chinese students the picture of the guy standing in front of the tanks with his shopping bags , and i would say less than 5 know what it is .
it can work how many time you want when you control the medias and the internet .
there is a sucker born every minute .
and some will become reddit mods and just never reproduce .
and some die before having children of their own .
and some die before having children of their own .
also , people and children die .
and people die ...
but at a slower rate .
he understood the gravity of the situation better than anybody .
oh definitely . by all accounts , a brilliant scientist but a highly devious and cunning man .
oh definitely . by all accounts , a brilliant scientist but a highly devious and cunning man .
the edison of science . just ask hooke and leibnitz .
for enforcing a law ?
he made leibnitz go to court in london over the calculus problem , but the thing is that he essentially owned the courts due to his reputation
did not need a double blind study to tell me that matters of divination are imagined fantasies .
my dad is an astronomer , and it is shocking to me how many people have asked him to give them a reading . sometime i wish he just would , and apparently , he would be just as good as a real astrologer !
my dad is an astronomer , and it is shocking to me how many people have asked him to give them a reading . sometime i wish he just would , and apparently , he would be just as good as a real astrologer !
we do a double blind study every year in my class where we compare the results of reading the published horoscope from today 's paper to the wrong sign 's horoscope from a different paper . in over 20 years of trials it has never shown a significant difference once .
gasp
i find it hilarious when people post on facebook this pictures that say something like " calm , but will go crazy at a moment 's notice " then goes to name off 6 or 7 of the signs .
looking at populations though , more people use the decimal point .
i feel like the 1,000 . 01 notation feels more like how those punctuation marks are used in sentences
i feel like the 1,000 . 01 notation feels more like how those punctuation marks are used in sentences
yea , if you travel abroad a lot , it takes a little getting used to ...
i never separate thousands , so i 'm immune
the devil 's comma .
i thought this was common knowledge ? allah yahweh god are all the same character .
today ... today you learned this ? please tell me you 're a very young person .
today ... today you learned this ? please tell me you 're a very young person .
it 's honestly pretty depressing that people do n't know this . this should be common knowledge .
or in movie terms , judaism was the original , christianity was the feel good sequel , and islam was the gritty reboot . mormonism is fan fiction .
in islam , we study more about jesus than mohammad lmao . he 's mentioned more in the quaran than mohammad
what 's up fuckers
nice to see that i am not the only person thinking about sam here . his other videos are hilarious as well .
nice to see that i am not the only person thinking about sam here . his other videos are hilarious as well .
first thing i thought of
just found this channel about 3 days ago . binge watched every episode . it 's great haha . even the topics where i think " i am not really interested in this " based on the title ends up hilarious .
" look at him ! wow ! plop what a guy ! "
" where did i put my brown sugar ? "
fun fact ! he dated demi lavato for some time . they were in a serious relationship .
fun fact ! he dated demi lavato for some time . they were in a serious relationship .
yeah but he also dated lindsay lohan for awhile and you deduct points for that .
worse , fez is also the voice of " handy manny "
i saw him on tv not even an hour ago . i thought it was enrique iglesias .
well , this is what happens when you cut funding for mental illness
guaranteed nobody would ever regret getting 200k in plastic surgery to look like their girlfriend boyfriend , especially if they are musicians . you know that relationship is for life .
guaranteed nobody would ever regret getting 200k in plastic surgery to look like their girlfriend boyfriend , especially if they are musicians . you know that relationship is for life .
should 've changed their name to pat .
man i had to do a presentation on throbbing gristle for uni a few years back . it was a bit disturbing .
sick .
yeah but is any house fire ever wanted ?
r unexpectedayymd
r unexpectedayymd
thermi nuclear reactor ?
get the extinguisher ayy
this was n't about amd you know .
til i have vitiligo . i always wondered why nobody else glowed when we played laser tag .
i 'll just leave this here : __url__
i 'll just leave this here : __url__
so blue man group had vitiligo ? seriously , this is pretty interesting .
vitiligo gang we out here
my peener and my nards gave vitiligo . not even joking . and from the research i 've done , so do a lot of other dudes .
well wiki is banned in turkey :'(
neymar has scored 52 goals for brazil . 35 have been in friendlies . what 's your fucking point ?
neymar has scored 52 goals for brazil . 35 have been in friendlies . what 's your fucking point ?
eder has 3 goals for portugal , 2 were in friendlies .
damn , atleast try to understand why he scores in more friendlies before discrediting his record .
without posting his competitive to friendlies appearance ratio , this is worthless .
can ... you do that ? like , does it " count ? " spiritual rape .
the more you read about mother teresa , the more you find out she was a selfish , sadistic cunt .
the more you read about mother teresa , the more you find out she was a selfish , sadistic cunt .
... because an all seeing , all knowing god can be duped like that .
she did a lot of nasty shit .
that 's awful , and is highly offensive to their beliefs . what a selfish thing to do .
luckily i 'm only afraid of small dogs , like corgis .
i think rat eating your face would probably work on anyone
i think rat eating your face would probably work on anyone
when i read that book i thought about what would be inside my room . roaches . definitely roaches .
do it to julia , that fucking cunt ! i just added that part after the comma , that was n't orwell .
wait , what ? scientology employs the tactics of " the party " in 1984 ? no freaking way .
i 've heard that there 's a lot of brain drain going on today as well . young irish finishing college university and then emigrating elsewhere .
population is around 6.5 million now . ireland was one country during the famine , so you 'd need to include the pop . of the 6 counties for an accurate comparison . still 1.5 m shy of pre famine numbers though .
population is around 6.5 million now . ireland was one country during the famine , so you 'd need to include the pop . of the 6 counties for an accurate comparison . still 1.5 m shy of pre famine numbers though .
my family emigrated to london as a result of the famine .
not just america , but most of the countries that would take them
__url__
anglo milk
source ?
source ?
i see you everywhere
how about ass cmc ? o :)
ascmc
26 here , you 're wrong
i 'm 18 and it 's my favourite movie and has been my whole life , gtfo with your gatekeeping .
i 'm 18 and it 's my favourite movie and has been my whole life , gtfo with your gatekeeping .
17 fem please explain .
16 i understand .
you could n't be any more wrong
her older brother has friends , those friends have younger siblings . all three younger siblings scream and run around in the vicinity of each other . i mean , it 's what i do with my friends .
have you not seen rugrats ? it 's a neat documentary ! ! !
have you not seen rugrats ? it 's a neat documentary ! ! !
i do n't think they understand friendships , no , but they do recognize that they enjoy playing and spending time with that particular person child .
definitely ! maybe not in the sense that older people have friends , but my daughter gets very excited to see her cousins and loves playing with them . at this point , it 's more " playing beside each other , " but they still have a lot of fun .
i read somewhere a long time ago that humans only have cognitive memories starting around the age of 4 , so i do n't think someone who is 1 and a half years old will remember little timmy from across the road after a little while of seeing him .
as much as i do n't care about the temple in the center bit . i can say as a utah slc resident and native that it 's so damn handy . no gps , directions or other garbage needed , you can just easily and quickly understand where to go . example 10600 south 400 east
the blocks in salt lake city are huge . i went to a conference there a year ago , and thought my hotel was a great deal because it was only six blocks away . once i got there , i figured out that was the better part of a mile .
the blocks in salt lake city are huge . i went to a conference there a year ago , and thought my hotel was a great deal because it was only six blocks away . once i got there , i figured out that was the better part of a mile .
it was confusing the first time i visited slc , but once i figured it out , i started wishing other cities were this way , also slc downtown is the least congested large city downtown i 've ever been to .
mormons designed very rational cities and towns all the older city centers in utah are laid out and numbered the same way .
but do they have nightlife though ?
it 's possible for messed up people to come from a nice , normal home , y'know .
what makes you think they raised a " fucked up " child ? people can be " fucked up " all on their own m8 ...
what makes you think they raised a " fucked up " child ? people can be " fucked up " all on their own m8 ...
not even close to accurate . thanks for playing though .
but you do n't just raise a fucked up child . mental illness is n't necessarily obvious to an observer in the same way that other illnesses are . people hide their problems and internalise , while maintaining the facade that everything is fine .
eric harris was a classic sociopath not really something you can raise and dylan klebold was a classic depressive . the parents can only do so much sometimes .
it had duck boobs and lea thompson bent over in panties
i personally loved this movie . then again i was 10 when it came out , and had a crush on lea thompson .
i personally loved this movie . then again i was 10 when it came out , and had a crush on lea thompson .
but but duck mammories with duck nipples . and duck masturbation
it made somebody a million bucks .
how could it be marvel 's first movie when there were two older captain america tv movies ? i think there was a spider man tv movie as well .
everybody walk the dragonsaur
and it 's asha , not yara ! i can understand why they did it , but it would have probably been better to change osha 's name .
and it 's asha , not yara ! i can understand why they did it , but it would have probably been better to change osha 's name .
i actually like the moon ' trap ' door than it just being a door on the side . should have kept the eyrie being on top of a super steep mountain though .
and tyrion had his nose cut off with an axe .
i think bronn is supposed to be around 30 34 at the current point , late twenties when he very first meets tyrion .
tr owned at least one a f shotgun . and hemmingway used one to off himself . and it was straight up preppy clothes until maybe 97 or so when the great shift happened
like lands end used to specialize in sailing boating related merchandise and eddie bauer was outdoor gear .
like lands end used to specialize in sailing boating related merchandise and eddie bauer was outdoor gear .
and now they sell effeminate clothing to douchebags . the times they are a changin
charles winchester bought a red and black flannel coat from af in some old mash episode .
it 's even worse to think that they went from that to this
realee , you did not
stan " prob " lee
stan " prob " lee
seriouslee ? ?
possiblee
referlee
as a bears fan i have to admit that 's respectful .
holy shit , 30 years wait time ... that explains some stuff about red forman :)
holy shit , 30 years wait time ... that explains some stuff about red forman :)
i signed my sister up on the waiting list . the letter she got said her number 150,000 . it said her average wait time was 80 years . that was 2 years ago .
i 've been on the eagles waiting list for 12 years and i 'm still at 50,000 something .
this is asinine , burn wisconsin .
know what i like a lot more than stealing materialistic things ? knowledge !
holy shit , til the average prison inmate in the early twentieth century is more well read than the average college graduate today !
holy shit , til the average prison inmate in the early twentieth century is more well read than the average college graduate today !
til that i spent most of my school years living like an alcatraz inmate .
yea , cuz andy dufrense was a great librarian .
it 's like jurassic park in there . just an entire area with killers with nothing to do but work out and get super smart .
here 's one of them , since wikipedia chickened out ( nsfw , obviously ): __url__ excellent choice , if i do say so .
i learned that from vintage space . it 's a pretty good youtube channel . i highly recommend it .
i learned that from vintage space . it 's a pretty good youtube channel . i highly recommend it .
in space , no one can hear you jerk .
we took porn to the moon ! i 've never been more proud of america .
why dont we have a test subject couple conceive and give birth in space ? just to see what happens .
i can n't even trust my phone to complete a fucking phone call without dropping every 3 minutes . no way am i letting my banking get involved with my phone .
i buy a lot at farmer 's markets and flea markets , so i routinely carry cash . as well , i pay cash at a lot of smaller businesses to help them on the fees banks charge for bank and credit cards .
i buy a lot at farmer 's markets and flea markets , so i routinely carry cash . as well , i pay cash at a lot of smaller businesses to help them on the fees banks charge for bank and credit cards .
i do n't think i had ever signed before living in the us for a few months , my first card was chip and pin 8 years ago . while i was there i had a usd card with a chip on it but the only place that really used the chip in their machines was the grocery store .
most places i 've been to in the us do the same . i just do n't like it .
we are n't exactly up to speed on infrastructural changes to our everyday lives .
sounds like a true to reality plot to me . stop trying to twist this thread into a rant about something not relevant
but the republican candidate does the longest press conference and answers every question , bringing people on side .
but the republican candidate does the longest press conference and answers every question , bringing people on side .
it still makes me sad that they demonized nuclear energy in the show .
well it 's realistic at least , i do n't agree that the how it should be but the fact is that 's how the public reacts to anything nuclear and scary
yeah , this is totally unrelated but the iter fusion reactor project is still churning away in france .
in a village of the stormlands , of whose name i do not want to remember ...
mix it up with moby dick and it would probably work .
mix it up with moby dick and it would probably work .
no , no , you have it backwards . change the names from game of thrones to be harry potter characters , and release it as a potter sequel .
ctrl h " sancho " " tyrion " all in a days work
i would read that esp with jon snow as don quixote .
you know , the more i hear about this hitler guy the more i do n't care for him .
of course , in japan they did n't hide behind any sort of promotion facade and straight up told their officers to kill themselves .
of course , in japan they did n't hide behind any sort of promotion facade and straight up told their officers to kill themselves .
the soviet army lost approximately three times as many men in this one battle than the us lost in all of wwii .
for the information he did n't accept to suicide . he then allied himself with soviets and joined the " national committee for a free germany " against the nazis .
time to establish a new precedent then ...
they already had " full immunity " after studying germ warfare for so long ! ...
the book " a plague upon humanity " really shows how fucked up this guy was . he 'd literally dissect people alive , remove their stomach , sew the asophagus to the intestine , and then see how long people could survive . he was a maniacal butcher
the book " a plague upon humanity " really shows how fucked up this guy was . he 'd literally dissect people alive , remove their stomach , sew the asophagus to the intestine , and then see how long people could survive . he was a maniacal butcher
if they had any honour they would kill themselves
so were the engineers and scientists from peenemunde , including w . von braun , even tho their rockets had killed 100 ' s of people . sometime pragmatism and the large values of skills and knowledge overcome consequences .
i had a great uncle who had served on bataan that was part of those experiments . i served as well , but to see people who did such inhumane things to american troops getting off without punishments does jade me a bit .
his father was a well known drag queen in the san francisco area . later in life , jimmy simpson announced that he was gay . " dad , we know . "
wow , til . also he 's set to have a parole date this week . he 's already been paroled for a few charges , so he may be released soon .
wow , til . also he 's set to have a parole date this week . he 's already been paroled for a few charges , so he may be released soon .
as a child , simpson developed rickets and wore braces on his legs until the age of five , giving him his bowlegged stance .
i dare you to bring that up to his face . i heard he has no hesitation stabbing a bitch . or a random dude in direct proximity to said bitch .
let me tell you 4 times i met mr juice .
ah . somebody read the " fake facts " top comment
it was revenge for when the third sister ship , the britannic , hit a mine and sank during wwi .
it was revenge for when the third sister ship , the britannic , hit a mine and sank during wwi .
keep in mind that the rms olympic was still had actually weaponry aboard the ship , ramming the u boat was just one of the options . nbsp also , they did n't stop to pick up survivors . a us ship did that later on . brits were fucking savage .
i like to think it was at that moment the captain of the u boat realized it can move in 3 dimensions
sink , sank , have sunk .
and then the proclaimers went and stole it , those ginger bastards .
yeah , she 's her mom . of course she 's gonna say that shit .
yeah , she 's her mom . of course she 's gonna say that shit .
i love this song ! __url__ __url__
i think she stole it from the national geographic tv series theme .
i feel like that can n't be that rare of a thing . i have to imagine it 's also said about a lot of songs that fail .
you 're delicious .
i love the name
i love the name
somehow that wordplay was completely lost on me until just now . i just thought it was a generic threat hahaha
in soviet russia pizza orders you
well i 'm not gonna complain , it did save a man 's life once .
tippett : somebody move me 188 of an inch ! ! !
tippett 's fedora : m'dino
tippett 's fedora : m'dino
for those not in the know , phil tippet was the original dinosaur supervisor good job phil .
tippett : i have to go now , my planet needs me .
actually doing a stop motion video with real people sounds awesome and sounds like something i could actually put together .
this is like the 6th worst thing an illinois governor has done .
an illinois governor in a criminal trial , you say ? nah , i can n't believe that ...
an illinois governor in a criminal trial , you say ? nah , i can n't believe that ...
is it easier to name all of the illinois governors that have n't gone to jail ?
i wonder if you go into the capitol and the portraits of past governors are mostly mugshots
even the lottery is threatening to pull out of illinois .
the hoax ended up being included in the book anarchists cookbook .
just another case of the truth being covered up by big banana
just another case of the truth being covered up by big banana
big yellow joint
people are dumb
someone tried convincing me of this in 2004 . failed miserably .
they 're giving the eels the ol ' wet cosby .
i loved the episode on king of the hill where hank gets ptsd after being sexually assaulted by a dolphin .
i loved the episode on king of the hill where hank gets ptsd after being sexually assaulted by a dolphin .
they look nice and innocent but they are really freaks , and not in the fun way .
yeah , recently their reputation get a bit darker regarding rape allegations as well .
they rape , but they save . and they save more than they rape .
do n't condescend me , man . i 'll fuckin ' kill ya , man .
this is the movie that introduced me to the genius that is gary oldman .
this is the movie that introduced me to the genius that is gary oldman .
weird i 've heard seth rogan say during a howard stern interview that the idea for pineapple express came from seth and a friend being super stoned and saying ' okay , what would happen if someone were trying to kill us right now . '
i finally got a blu ray copy of true romance . strange that it 's so hard to find for such an awesome movie .
you 're so cool . my wife i had that on the inside of our wedding bands . it was the first movie we saw together . later when the store closed down , i was able to buy the actual vcr tape we rented .
jesus , that 's terrifying .
can we all just admire the most british name up there ? associated british food plc . easy there guys , do n't want too much excitement caused by your company name .
can we all just admire the most british name up there ? associated british food plc . easy there guys , do n't want too much excitement caused by your company name .
arizona iced tea is n't on that graphic so i 'm good
honestly i 'm just relieved they have some decent competition .
do n't recognize 90 of those .
it can be argued that christians , jews and muslims all worship different gods based on their drastically different understanding of him
pronounced " aluh "
pronounced " aluh "
arab speaking christians refer to god as allah . it simply means " god " .
not just christians believe this .
you should remind them the book was n't written in english as well . learn some aramaic and read the real bible . :)
historically failed executions were considered an act of god ( divine intervention ) in many common law jurisdictions . the condemned was released afterwards because it was considered gods will that they live .
what do we do with witches ?
what do we do with witches ?
could n't , she weighed more than a duck
there have been about 7 examples of " witches " being burned at the stake in england . ever . a lot of the time they went to a jury trial , and the jury found them not guilty . it 's more a continental thing .
by the 18th century i think the whole craze with witches had long since past in britain .
r noshitsherlock
saddest til ever
saddest til ever
you did n't describe the different flavors you lose style points for that , op .
wait , i 'm confused . you learned about k y , lube , or lube assisted sex masturbation ?
what did you think it was ? or have you never heard of lube before in general ?
fuck silent letters
well then do n't an " n " there in the first place . morons .
well then do n't an " n " there in the first place . morons .
how do we know this is n't some kind of ho axe ?
true story : many of the streets in jerusalem are named for us presidents but lincoln street is pronounce " linko lin " and if you pronounce it " correctly " native israelis will have no idea what you 're talking about .
this makes me think of how the " caesar 's legion " on fallout say " ky sar " instead of the way we say it now , it 's possible many current pronunciations have shifted in this fashion .
because we also live in a world of corruption . there 's enough areas where the super rich can just buy the local police . pretty scary stuff .
i ask myself the same thing about americanism . i asked myself the same thing about stalinism . only a minority is aware that they 're in a massive dysfunctional sadistic system when they 're in a massive dysfunctional sadistic system .
i ask myself the same thing about americanism . i asked myself the same thing about stalinism . only a minority is aware that they 're in a massive dysfunctional sadistic system when they 're in a massive dysfunctional sadistic system .
it 's honestly hopefully dying out . everyone on the outside pretty much knows now that they 're insane . the only people that actually believe it are the ones on the inside , and their kids that they brainwash .
and yet i often get downvoted for saying i boycott tom cruise movies because he 's still the face of it . i guess fun action movies trump all the insane shit they do .
that 's nothing . yesterday i learned that there 's a whole community of people living in japan who support the north korean regime . they have their own private schools where kim 's pic is up all over the place . talk about bizarre .
it 's embarrassing robbie .
" i dont deserve this , fam . none of it , blud " .
" i dont deserve this , fam . none of it , blud " .
enough is enough robbie
are you more committed than me ?
man 's gotta go blud , simple as fam
i 'm worried . i have two teenage girls and they are calm and collected and think critically . however , my 7 year old son is showing signs that he can think critically , but does n't care to . he 's gonna be expensive .
not a parent , but a teacher . teens are awesome , i vastly prefer them to kids .
not a parent , but a teacher . teens are awesome , i vastly prefer them to kids .
i would take teenagers over my toddlers any day of the week .
teenagers scare the living shit out of me .
as a recentky not teenager who has a teenage siblings , can confirm .
if johnson had run for a second full term in 1968 and won , he would have died only one day after leaving office .
nixon , later the next year : hold my beer .
nixon , later the next year : hold my beer .
seems he had a knack for ensuring his predecessors were out of the picture ... dun dun duuuuun ...
in some countries you do n't become president until after you have killed all the ex presidents .
less than 8 years later , there were three .
dude , una cosa es humillar a un frijolero . pero lo que tu propones es una world war mexico
its like a mexican version of the six flags song
its like a mexican version of the six flags song
beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep
__url__
or despacito .
and planned by the cia .
three american banana companies and the united states marines , yes .
three american banana companies and the united states marines , yes .
i 'd like to think strategically placed banana peels were vital to this operation 's success !
similar thing happened to hawaii , except it was sugar companies and the us .
" with a little help from my friends "
" let 's just make sure there is no control over the passage of time . problem solved . "
came for comments , left questioning life .
came for comments , left questioning life .
" oh that was brilliant : ' the closer you get , the more massive you become ... to infinity ! ' and they bought it ! silly humans . "
" how about we make every quantum particle travel backwards ? " " hey , that just might work ! " and so , infinity was born .
r writingprompts
" um ... okay , how about this : adam sandler is like in love with some girl . but it turns out that the girl is actually a golden retriever or something . "
did they eat pudding in the movie ?
did they eat pudding in the movie ?
i thought it was dolphins and plastic balls
probably from the book
they had to give him an executive producer credit on the film .
oof
and the flag was all moth eaten so they put him under a sombrero .
and the flag was all moth eaten so they put him under a sombrero .
poor guy could n't catch a break .
do you think he 's hat dancing in his grave ?
well he could n't play a scratched record so i guess it 's something
that would be the reason why wwi had so much casualties . not the lack of steel helmets , but the total lack of understanding of modern weapons and tactics by old officers .
more fascinating is that at the beginning of the war some countries still used colourful uniforms . only during the war they realized that it 's a pretty bad idea , and switched over to less visible designs .
more fascinating is that at the beginning of the war some countries still used colourful uniforms . only during the war they realized that it 's a pretty bad idea , and switched over to less visible designs .
and then when they introduced steel helmets the number of troops in field hospitals with head injuries went up and there were calls to get rid of the helmets .
the french high command believed " elan " would carry their troops thru any adversity .
steel helmets dont really protect that well . they were designed to protect agaist shrapnel and maaaaaaybe small arms fire from a pistol . a large part of their introduction was because it made soldiers feel safer . and as a result generally more fearless
that design is much more expensive that the standard slide up design .
no screen window ? how do you keep out the bugs and shit ?
no screen window ? how do you keep out the bugs and shit ?
i wonder if windows like this being common is the reason air conditioning is less common in europe .
i 'd rather have the standard sliding window tbh
i absolutely expected to see this
i hope they come back from that awful start .
note : jumping fences is an awful idea if you have a hemorrhoid
note : jumping fences is an awful idea if you have a hemorrhoid
so pokemon go fest in chicago was n't that bad in the end ... s
just curious , but did disney world have the same problem ?
my grandparents took my mom to the opening of disney world ( edited ) and still had the ticket stub . my grandpa worked for nasa during the space race , so i assume that 's how he was able to get tickets .
distributed denial of sanity
well , dos really . you 'd need a whole gaggle of idiots to make it a ddos attack .
well , dos really . you 'd need a whole gaggle of idiots to make it a ddos attack .
debate deluge of stupidity in fact .
that s exactly what it is . overwhelming with volume of bullshit as opposed to targeting a specific vulnerability in someone s argument .
i have 3,000 different arguments about why that 's a bad analogy .
without the salt though
__url__
__url__
so a lake
that 's no moon .
isnt a sea a small ocean lol
ai n't that the tooth !
an army may march on its teeth , but some dentists have grander ambitions .
an army may march on its teeth , but some dentists have grander ambitions .
you sound like an antidentite .
nah he sounds like a savage dentist .
yeah , that showed him !
no no no no ok enough internet for tonight
an lay eggs which hatch .. that was a story i heard once .. id burn my ear off
an lay eggs which hatch .. that was a story i heard once .. id burn my ear off
imagine you 're relaxin on the toilet , and a cockroach the size of your fist , crawls up inside of ya . they can n't turn , so it just keeps crawlin its way up in there ...
why did i choose to read this
i 've actually seen a video of someone getting their ear canal scraped clean and there was a literal cockroach corpse in there . it was surreal .
clyde stole that movie he has more facial expressions than clint and sondra combined .
" right turn , clyde "
" right turn , clyde "
robin williams should have made a monkey movie .
love me some sondra locke . classic flick .
right turn , clyde .
peter principle . in the navy they deal with it by saying at such and such years in the navy you must be at such and such rank . for instance you cant be less than an e 4 at 5 years in or they drop you because if you were good at your job you 'd have gotten promoted .
aka peter principle , __url__ except usually they keep their job , " ris ing to their level of incompetence . "
aka peter principle , __url__ except usually they keep their job , " ris ing to their level of incompetence . "
and then everybody dies in a fire
that 's known as the dilbert principle .
rise to the level of your incompetence .
and also why you do n't aim guns at your head and pull the trigger .
that 's why you do n't call it a clip
that 's why you do n't call it a clip
" treat every gun as if it is loaded "
and always presume that the gun is loaded .
they always forget the one in the chamber !
of course it 's fucked to kill gorillas for no real reason but it 's totally gangster to try to catch them and then kill them for being too violent .
i think a lot of pre modern people saw great apes as very closely related to us . if i 'm not mistaken , the word orangutan means " man of the forest . " people in the future might think this way too .
i think a lot of pre modern people saw great apes as very closely related to us . if i 'm not mistaken , the word orangutan means " man of the forest . " people in the future might think this way too .
stop resisting .
i wonder how they could have possibly captured such a mass of muscle with the technology they had back then
interesting . the sources cited do n't mention if they were actually apes or people , only that the original name for the species we call gorillas today originated from this story .
man , did that guy hate star wars
the story comes from an interview , allegedly it was meant to be 2.5
the story comes from an interview , allegedly it was meant to be 2.5
the force can have a strong influence over the weak minded .
" obi wan kenobi in the original star wars trilogy " ... it took way too long to find that so i 'll save other ignorant people like myself the trouble .
that 's sir alec guinness mate
reading the wiki , it sounds like whoopi and ted trolling everyone else . a job well done . a commendable job ? maybe not .
i was in 8th grade a freshman in high school when this happened . this was quite the sh t storm .
i was in 8th grade a freshman in high school when this happened . this was quite the sh t storm .
i refuse to take down my ted danson poster , as it is an important part of my heritage .
and he s been eating shit for it for 25 years .
there was nothing wrong with it
is there insurance that covers the key that locks away keys , fireworks , anything incendiary and your kid ?
shittylifeprotip : leave everything out in the open . if someone does something stupid , darwin will teach ' em a thing or 2
shittylifeprotip : leave everything out in the open . if someone does something stupid , darwin will teach ' em a thing or 2
as a government , i agree
or bubble wrap . even duct tape and pool noodles work too .
as a pyro , could you keep the kid and all of the fun things locked up separately , then give me a key to that lock ?
kevin spacey 's impression of him saying this is perfect . __url__
just watched the first kingsman movie . was n't on the last page in that one ...
just watched the first kingsman movie . was n't on the last page in that one ...
that explains the prestige .
proof he never read children of men and kingsmen scripts
but interstellar ...
well when you 're in a plane you always have the high ground , so there 's that .
is it possible to learn this power ?
is it possible to learn this power ?
look , one of ours , out of the main hold !
now this is suicide !
do a barrel roll !
what about our friend the avocado ?
it 's a water animal .
it 's a water animal .
squid are apparently even more smart compared to an octopus .
what about zoidberg !
they are a water animal
" wow , mr . phelps , you 've done so much good in the world that people are going to love you forever ! there 's no way anyone could ruin such a great reputation ! " " challenge accepted . "
if you read the entire section you will find out that he was disbarred shortly after for making false statements and for pursuing a personal vendetta in court . among other things he called the defendant a slut and cross questioned her for weeks bringing her to tears .
if you read the entire section you will find out that he was disbarred shortly after for making false statements and for pursuing a personal vendetta in court . among other things he called the defendant a slut and cross questioned her for weeks bringing her to tears .
even evil men can do good things .
its so strange to see bigots only choose one thing to hate .
it 's pretty amazing how people change so quickly .
but it is a distinct possibility . did n't you watch dallas buyers club ?
you need to attend sex ed again .
you need to attend sex ed again .
vaginal intercourse is a high risk transmission route with the female having a greater risk of infection . according to the aidsmap , worldwide the majority of new hiv infections are unprotected penile vaginal intercourse .
is this something you actually believe ? ( serious question )
unless the woman breaks his skin with her vagina dentata .
so that 's why the space race started ...
i think it was the sun . he gathered all the nukes in like a big super sized fishing net and hurled it into the sun olympian hammer thrower style . r askscience can tell us whether it was necessary in space to actually whirl it around like that . i 'm thinking no .
i think it was the sun . he gathered all the nukes in like a big super sized fishing net and hurled it into the sun olympian hammer thrower style . r askscience can tell us whether it was necessary in space to actually whirl it around like that . i 'm thinking no .
throws them into the sun
i thought he threw them into the sun , but i could be wrong .
let 's not talk about supes ' building vision .
poor bastard . could n't even buy a vowel . edit : really ? my first gold was for this ? it 's your money kind stranger .
do n't be racist
do n't be racist
thought you just typed random shit until i read that lmao .
for those who can n't read it : pffff . look at moneybags over here , with his fancy expensive vowels .
r frugaljerk
the fact that the wikipedia page for " unethical human experimentation in the united states " has so many entries , and most of the time the public does n't find out about these until many years later scares me . i wonder what kind of shady shit they 're doing to us right now .
they shut down in 2009 with a loss of 220 million , should n't there have been arrests ?
they shut down in 2009 with a loss of 220 million , should n't there have been arrests ?
since all that is in the link of the op is what is in the title , i 'm going to link the sources from the wiki page . __url__ __url__
not that i read the article , but why did that happen ?
it gets even worse when you realize that things like this will occur again and again for many years to come .
it is n't particularly evil to use unarmed , non combatants , in a lethal manner , to gain military advantage ? well sure , if you think that 's justified , then i suppose isis are humanitarians , and pol pot had good agricultural policies .
neffew
neffew
what 's wrong with you ?
" is n't particularly evil "
its efficent ill give you that .
and he shit where ever he wanted
the patron saint of zero fucks given .
the patron saint of zero fucks given .
speaking of diogenes shitposting , there 's a whole site dedicated to shitposting inspired by diogenes . very minimalist
the chinese had an equivalent of dioganese the shit poster . i do n't recall his name .
here we go , one more thing for us greeks to copyright : " shitpost " . hell yeah we are the inventors of everyting ! greece !
i always wondered how practical all those extremely beautiful german castles built in the mountains could possibly be . i guess practical was never the point . great stuff to fuel the imagination though .
those impractical castles led to bavaria becoming a major tourist attraction after world war ii , thereby saving the state from financial ruin and building the foundation for its economic renaissance . some impracticality . some madness .
those impractical castles led to bavaria becoming a major tourist attraction after world war ii , thereby saving the state from financial ruin and building the foundation for its economic renaissance . some impracticality . some madness .
we also can thank him for one of the best wonders in civ .
he also had a phone in his castle that connected only to his parents castle less than a mile away lol . i just visited those castles a few months ago , they were ridiculously lavish .
now they 're national treasures .
the banks set the limit here and it varies from country to country . in ireland it 's 30 but i hear it 's 500 in belgium . seems a bit wrong that you can buy a tv without putting your pin in ...
i recently made a purchase at costco that was under 200 and used my paypass from my tangerine card . it really varies .
i recently made a purchase at costco that was under 200 and used my paypass from my tangerine card . it really varies .
i do n't know what my credit card limit is at but my debit is 200 for tap . i know i can change the limit if i wanted .
100 seems like an awfully huge number of money you can spend with someone else 's card without their approval by just tapping the contactless card .
mine is 20 , but it was a card i got before i was 18 and they offered to up the limit once i was an adult . i said no so that if someone steals my card , they can only make really small purchases .
and the millionth as i recall . they made a huge deal about their millionth video play coming up , and they played video killed the radio star .
the first on mtv uk was money for nothing dire straits . great track .
the first on mtv uk was money for nothing dire straits . great track .
and hans zimmer is in the music video . starting at 2:51 .
a very appropriate first video
hardly obscure . it gets posted in this sub once a week .
only the messiah denies his divinity !
" people , what a bunch of bastards "
" people , what a bunch of bastards "
reminds me of the church of trek from futurama .
and like many cults and religions , the most ardent followers of star trek have committed themselves to a life of celibacy .
futurama warned us .
just for the olympics though atl is full of homeless people . you literally can n't walk 20 ft without a homeless person soliciting you
what the fuck ?
what the fuck ?
beijing also mass killed all the stray animals .
that 's actually a good deal
some states still do that . they 're especially fond of giving one way bus tickets to recently discharged psychiatric patients with no fixed abode .
most guitarists i 'd wager can n't read sheet music . i 've played for 20 years and never needed to either to write or play in bands . tabs are usually more prominent when looking up songs online
i 'm the same way , except i do n't write or play music
i 'm the same way , except i do n't write or play music
not really a big deal , 90 of rock guitar players can n't read music .
my brother plays guitar pretty well too . whenever he auditions for a band , if they have sheet music they are shocked when he can play it right , first time . apparently very rare ...
i feel like that 's very common
would you be ok ? !
keen as a jelly bean
keen as a jelly bean
they love it
here 's a video of a dolphin fucking a dead fish .
is it technically masturbation if it is one creature using another creature against the will of that other creature ?
kevin spacey is an amazing impressionist . his michael caine is unreal . in his appearance on inside the actors studio he nails so many , but his pacino is especially good because of his delivery . link , im on mobile : __url__
how do you people remember these kind of references and then also remember where you saw it .
how do you people remember these kind of references and then also remember where you saw it .
fallon also wasnt bad in that . michael caine wasnt that good but dr phil was fantastic but spacey was just riddiculous
it 's not bad , but caine would pronounce ' last ' more like ' larst '
i do n't always click youtube links in comments , but when i do , it 's for kevin spacey . well worth it , thank you .
and is ruled over by a murderous demonic horse .
and i 'm familiar with the size of manhattan ? how many hogsheads is this , and does it convert to butt feet ?
and i 'm familiar with the size of manhattan ? how many hogsheads is this , and does it convert to butt feet ?
the first time i flew out of here i made the mistake of arriving an hour before my flight ( like i usually do in my hometown ) . there was lots of running
a swastika the size of manhattan !
it 's also a giant swastika and the entrance to an underground tunnel country ...
its what plants crave
blamminade
blamminade
it 's what vaginas crave .
turbolytes !
more lytes than your body has room for
holy shit
is this actually where that phrase comes from ! ?
is this actually where that phrase comes from ! ?
pack it up guys , this guy won .
if you peak in high school is that premature peter ?
they can n't make that same mistake again it 'll just be a repete ( r ) of the past
only if it 's a song about the moon and stars
what will you be singing about ?
what will you be singing about ?
how long of a song ? ? ?
__url__
maybe for 15
first blood , not rambo . pedantic , i admit , but it matters .
teacher : ryan oh my god i can n't believe you , you 're gonna get expel ... ryan gives her the most seductive look a 12 year old has ever given teacher : ... oh .. i .. uh . carry on , then .
teacher : ryan oh my god i can n't believe you , you 're gonna get expel ... ryan gives her the most seductive look a 12 year old has ever given teacher : ... oh .. i .. uh . carry on , then .
anyone who did n't is a pussy .
hey girl ... sound of human body collapsing .
they drew first blood , not me .
so they actually do n't give a shit what someone 's religion is , and they mind their own business ? that must be nice .
hmm . i know a few czechs who are very serious catholics . and europe 's greatest religious war started there : __url__
hmm . i know a few czechs who are very serious catholics . and europe 's greatest religious war started there : __url__
adding czech republic to one of the countries i 'd like to visit
enlightenment . czech .
to jsme my !
the second speed movie was such a shipwreck .
i seem to remember interviews with her at the time saying that she felt a sense of loyalty to jan de bont ( the director of both speed films ) .
i seem to remember interviews with her at the time saying that she felt a sense of loyalty to jan de bont ( the director of both speed films ) .
i thought the second movie was called shit floats . maybe i 'm confused .
nothing says " speed " better than being on a slow moving boat
um , of fucking course she regrets it . it was complete shite .
it would also be a diplomatic incident , though , if someone had managed to do harm to yeltsin while he was in such a state , in part as a result of his not having had sufficient protection around him at the time .
nah . they would .
nah . they would .
his own team was experienced in handling a drunk boris , and he evaded them as well .
yea , ss is going to risk an international incident right next to the white house because ' ewww , he 's naked . ' how is that plausible to anyone ? smh
agreed , but it 's still a little shocking that his own security detail did n't have any " sleepytime juice " around to knock him out until morning , and just kinda let him go roam the streets in his underwear . i mean , the dude could have been hit by a car or mugged .
there is one . it 's called " god of war " .
something to think about then in greek there is no letter j , in spanish the name jesus sounds like zeus . jesus is worshiped on sunday for he is the son of saturn , who the jews worship on saturday .
something to think about then in greek there is no letter j , in spanish the name jesus sounds like zeus . jesus is worshiped on sunday for he is the son of saturn , who the jews worship on saturday .
thats what happens when a religion dies , it becomes mythology .
might happen in percy jackson
when i think physical manifestation of abrahamic god , it 's usually zeus . probably because all the renaissance art .
go hang a salami i 'm a lasagna hog .
racecar .
racecar .
step on no pets
no sir , away ! a papaya war is on !
hannah ?
until dawn from ps4 featured this as a crucial plot point . i did n't know it was actually a thing , though . i thought they just made it up for the game .
now i want to watch ravenous again .
now i want to watch ravenous again .
they probably just ate some raccoon meat .
much worse than mandingo psychosis
same
jesus christ , that 's not even the alarming part of the story !
here in wyoming we use the whole train robber , not just the meat .
here in wyoming we use the whole train robber , not just the meat .
that 's pretty brutal 3 :)
so .. ' hell on wheels ' went light .
that 's why they called it frontier justice .
well , the word " spam " existed before . the new meaning ( unsolicited bulk email ) was taken from them .
complete title gore . i love monty python but they did not " inspire " the word spam as it predated them by a good margin .
complete title gore . i love monty python but they did not " inspire " the word spam as it predated them by a good margin .
no , spam was around long before python and the www was nonexistent
the best language
let 's not forget they also inspired a lot of the comedy in the 70s .
these are the pointless facts that i live for
munch n
munch n
i think it 's hilarious that you copypasted m ller correctly but made it completely awkward with the .
not quite . inter had diego forlan and wesley sneijder in 2011 12 at the same time . both of them were top scorers with 5 goals each in the the 2010 world cup .
it 's not munch n , it is minga .
business owners thrive on them .
it 's not a matter of if you like customers out not . it 's a matter of making the customer believe that you do ( within reasonable limits ) .
it 's not a matter of if you like customers out not . it 's a matter of making the customer believe that you do ( within reasonable limits ) .
right ? who likes having money to buy food ?
her record company
you 're a customer .
the only president who worked for peanuts
jimmy can n't catch a break man .
jimmy can n't catch a break man .
a lot of farmers lost their farms during his presidency . he possibly would have also even if he was managing it . this is n't meant to be funny or snarky . it 's quite true . his economic policies were awful .
one million ? that 's just peanuts .
good thing one of his sons owns a hedge fund . could you imagine the connections you 'd get from being a presidential child ?
the average eagle weighs 6 13 pounds . all these numbers in your post are made up . why you lying op ?
wait . the average salmon can weigh up to 50 ? that wording is so confusing .
wait . the average salmon can weigh up to 50 ? that wording is so confusing .
i just wanna know if the drowning thing is true since everything else is a bit misleading .
i usually masturbate an average up to 10 times a day .
it 's not a question of where it grips it it 's a simple question of weight ratios ! a 15 pound bird cannot carry a 50 pound salmon !

knock knock
knock knock
how bout i do anyway
for anyone not aware , here is what this comment chain is referencing : __url__ highly recommend . it 's very good and funny .
how about
loved him in so i married an axe murderer ...
you know , i never really thought about all the mockery lorne michaels must deal with . he brought it on himself , sure , but when you literally constantly hire people to mock everything , it 's a given that , as their boss , you 'll be a recurring target .
you know , i never really thought about all the mockery lorne michaels must deal with . he brought it on himself , sure , but when you literally constantly hire people to mock everything , it 's a given that , as their boss , you 'll be a recurring target .
do n't look at me like i 'm frickin frankenstein
fire the " laser "
loosely : lorne micheals tightly : e . s . blofeld
depression is real .
he ll do it , he ll fucking do it ! give it to him , jim , just give him the fucking precious !
he ll do it , he ll fucking do it ! give it to him , jim , just give him the fucking precious !
this is why we need a waiting period before a tarsier can purchase a firearm . do they usually leave a note ? maybe it 's just a bid for attention .
who would want a frog pig monkey as a pet ? leave the weird animal alone people .
this is less suicide and dying due to stress .
gawl , sharon !
you 're gilded in my heart
you 're gilded in my heart
" is this a communist county or something ? ! no this is america ! "
i mean , i was in my 6th year of college at the same time . change pennsylvania avenue to california , cab to bike , and leader of one of the most powerful countries in the world to 2.6 gpa it sounds like a thursday night .
i mean , i was kind of thinking to myself " well is n't that sort of what this country is all about ? being wildly drunk and trying to get pizza ?
here is joe pesci rapping
hey , that 's funny .
hey , that 's funny .
i learned this from aziz ansari
he played with frankie valley did n't he ?
do i amuse you ?
i know , what a moron , it 's not even a fish like salmon .
not if you buy farm fresh unwashed .
not if you buy farm fresh unwashed .
i wish somebody had told me this as a kid . i had a john mulaney esque fear that salmonella would be haunting my footsteps through the dairy isle for the entirety of my adult life . nobody tells you to watch out for the looming hereditary bi polar disorder and alcoholism .
in most countries in the west surely but not in america ? we vaccinate chickens in the uk
yeah , when i was a kid i 'd drink raw eggs like it 's nothing every time i 'd stay with my granma in the village . i thought they tasted nice too . i do n't think i 'd dare to now , since seeing people drinking them to induce puking or with the whole salmonella scare .
reason 3578 to not go to oklahoma .
it 's also not sold in grocery stores and gas stations at higher than 3.2 , and in liquor stores it 's abv and grocery stores it 's alcohol by weight .
it 's also not sold in grocery stores and gas stations at higher than 3.2 , and in liquor stores it 's abv and grocery stores it 's alcohol by weight .
not for much longer !
gotcha . do n't get beer in oklahoma .
it 's pretty much the same in sweden , except for bars and restaurants . purchases for home is all room temperature .
and screwing over other donor recipients by registering residences in a few states helps too . steve jobs is a terrible person and he should be remembered that way
i think it 's interesting that his infamous stubbornness ended up being part of his demise
i think it 's interesting that his infamous stubbornness ended up being part of his demise
magic beans miracle legumes
the thing about jobs is look how much he gambled and came out on top in so much of his building his business . he constantly bucked against the establishment and proved them wrong , why wouldn t he think he could do it with his health ?
but these are magic beans !
he 's a great casting choice for a feel good flick
i enjoy his performances , he 's very quirky , has lots of charisma , beautiful hair and is very easy on the eye .
i enjoy his performances , he 's very quirky , has lots of charisma , beautiful hair and is very easy on the eye .
__url__
he 's not a great actor in the same way as jake gyllenhaal , who can kill any role , but he 's a great actor in the sense that he makes movies better . wilson can really only play one character , but be does it well
to me , the fact that he so successfully plays the super upbeat , optimistic , carefree friend while he was actually so depressed he tried to kill himself is fairly impressive . that is acting in a very real form .
at least now you know how to lathe balusters .
dude . totally . i would get infuriated when this came on .
dude . totally . i would get infuriated when this came on .
are you me
thanks for reminding me about this
yuup . this and the new yankee workshop instantly got my brother and i booted off the tv .
exactly . i do n't get why the us is so freaked out about alcohol . god forbid people have fun
and hiding alcohol consumption like that is a bit alcoholic y . if he 's not abusing , it should n't be shameful to have a glass of wine on a plane , even while accompanying a child .
and hiding alcohol consumption like that is a bit alcoholic y . if he 's not abusing , it should n't be shameful to have a glass of wine on a plane , even while accompanying a child .
i 'm pretty sure his dad drank and abused him and the rest of his family , so i can see where he 'd think drinking in front of kids was n't a good look .
mj was a jehova 's witness . creative genius and one of the greatest philanthropists of all time , but it 's not like he was n't a little ... different .
or try this on for size if you were interesting in teaching kids that you would not molest them . let 's keep things in perspective .
freude
that 's actually quite symbolic considering it 's the french election today .
that 's actually quite symbolic considering it 's the french election today .
alle menschen werden br der
beethoven 's 9th symphony came out 193 years ago , there are kids in high school now who were n't even alive back then . feel old yet ?
and emmanuel macron just used it as introduction to his second speach in front of the crowd at le louvre 's pyramid .
diarrhoea is a burning thing , and it makes a fiery ring
stay off the ice beer and you 'll recover just fine , i only drink 12 ipa a night now !
stay off the ice beer and you 'll recover just fine , i only drink 12 ipa a night now !
it 's crazy what we put our bodies through .
never trust a fart .
do ya really drink that much ? many side effects ? ever get dts ?
yes and they named a swimming pool in his honour .
people are making this into a strange illuminati mystery but tbh it 's australia 's water we 're talking about , out of 10 species living there 12 of them are out to get ya
people are making this into a strange illuminati mystery but tbh it 's australia 's water we 're talking about , out of 10 species living there 12 of them are out to get ya
australians wish all our other prime ministers were more like him .
ooooh , he went swimming at sea . that makes sense now .
i hear he turned up much later with retrograde amnesia with a new personality called ted and he worked for the salvation army .
i 'm no vet , but that dudes dog looks seriously fucked up
that 's not a dog
that 's not a dog
between this and knowing what it sounds like when doves cry , i 'm really starting to feel like dr . dolittle .
my dog used to laugh all the time . he was a springer and had long ears so we used to play a game called ' where 's matty ? ' where i covered his face with his ears and he 'd shake them off with a big smile on his face and get belly rubs ! :d i miss him more than anything
that orangutan looks utterly shocked by this news
did n't michael run the most successful branch in the corporation ?
there 's an entire theory of management based on the office called the gervais principle
there 's an entire theory of management based on the office called the gervais principle
yes . michael scott is a perfect example . he was promoted to manager because he was good at sales , not because he was good at managing .
i was thinking more so of steve carell 's character in get smart .
finally i find mention . he was a great salesman , but not that great manager .
i 'm pretty on par with most republican fiscal ideologies , where they lose me is with their social agenda tied directly to religious beliefs that i do not hold . we need a 3rd party ...
i dont even mind seeing this reposted . it should be more often .
i dont even mind seeing this reposted . it should be more often .
separation of church and state . they knew about this way back when . sad to see such blatant disregard .
also steve buscemi was a firefighter during 9 11
you redditors are more obsessed with christianity than 99 of christians
that 's an elk photo
elk and moose are two different species ...
elk and moose are two different species ...
they still can n't hear the car though
what ?
another fun fact about moose , nobody actually knows the correct pluralization of the word " moose " . some people say the plural form is " moose " , others " mooses " , while i like to call more than one moose " meeses " .
so in japan they think trump is a clown too ?
that 's absolutely incorrect and makes no fucking sense at all .
that 's absolutely incorrect and makes no fucking sense at all .
ran ran ruuuuu
if there 's no r sound in japanese how come they can pronounce naruto , rukia , renji and senbonzakura ?
yeah , and in japanese , " playing cards " are called " trump " so , after the election someone dug out their " donald ( mcdonald ) trump "
idk ... if you fucked a sheep , clearly , you fucked the sheep but can you really fuck an eel ? if you kinda grab it and start whacking off , is that sex or masturbation ? this is a grey area that demands further research
came here to see this ... how is it so far down ?
came here to see this ... how is it so far down ?
i was n't fucking the goat , i was masturbating with it ! ! !
i masturbate by sticking my peepee into live naked ladies .
eel job
paul blart ruined the dashing image of the mall cop too .
while great indiana jones is merely a rip off of doc savage .
while great indiana jones is merely a rip off of doc savage .
pretty sure the guy that played robocop is an archaeologist . somebody should do a til or whatever .
and jurassic park reaffirmed it !
he belongs in a museum !
that sounds awfully suspicious . bored is the last thing you are . i would freak out from it .
there 's either no way you 've tripped on real lsd or the doses were way too low . acid is not boring . i can n't imagine how acid could even be perceived as boring unless you start tripping daily which is even hard with tolerance .
there 's either no way you 've tripped on real lsd or the doses were way too low . acid is not boring . i can n't imagine how acid could even be perceived as boring unless you start tripping daily which is even hard with tolerance .
yeah . i 've had lsd that was very weak before ( hilariously it was brown microdot .. but in the 90s ) but my guess is that you did n't actually do lsd . there are a lot of variants out there .
could have been a different chemical . i 've had non lsd tabs before , it 's not hard to tell the difference if you 've had the real stuff ( depending on what the actual chem is ) . usually less interesting for sure .
proper lsd is going to take 30 mins to come on then persist for at least 12 hours .
it 's a beautiful and super poor country .
a shitload of countries in the world have policies like this .
a shitload of countries in the world have policies like this .
i mean damn , you can become a u . s citizen for taking a test and live there for 5 years .
on the wikipedia page it says 1 of the 2 of the official demonyms is , " dominican . " really ? that 's exactly the same , at least written , as dominican republic .
this looked to me like the flag of kekistan at first . dominica looks like a nice place .
he venice want to join up with amsterdam ?
twinned towns and sister cities are a form of legal and social agreement between cities , to promote cultural and commercial ties as well as to foster friendship and understanding .
twinned towns and sister cities are a form of legal and social agreement between cities , to promote cultural and commercial ties as well as to foster friendship and understanding .
imo , of all the city i have visited , only rome surpass paris .
meanwhile constantinople is like : " really guys ? ... you two have a love affair while i 'm dealing with a mousquito invasion for centuries now .. "
well , that is pretty arrogant . but i guess both cities draw their pride from former , faded glory , so it is a perfect fit in that regard .
is it because the script was changed or because he did n't like whoopi ?
funny , i do n't remember making this one ...
funny , i do n't remember making this one ...
my guess is it was n't a comedy with midler . always loved that movie . it was something i could watch with my grandparents
what does vehicle mean when used this way ?
but ... bette midler is n't a sister .
what did he think he built ? ?
those who are fans should check out r cubers
those who are fans should check out r cubers
imagine how furious he was
was he able to solve his new puzzle ?
the horrible truth of the rubiks cube : given a simple task , all the equipment , and zero training , people will make a terrible mess .
treasure chest .
world cup .
world cup .
hms daring
boobra streisand
double challenge cup .
improper inhalation of dihydrogen monoxide is often fatal and yet those heartless bastards at the us fda allow over 2billion gallons of the stuff to be sold yearly . they 're a toothless , worthless agency .
that 's why people that make their own ejuice for vaping avoid butter flavor concentrates with diacetyl .
that 's why people that make their own ejuice for vaping avoid butter flavor concentrates with diacetyl .
i just avoid it altogether and have real butter on homemade popcorn . paper lunch bag 1 4 c popcorn , fold top a couple times , nuke it for a couple minutes or so . zap a little butter separately to pour on top of it .
wasn t there a case of a guy who ate microwave pppcorn multiple times a day who ended up getting sick ?
butter flavoured microwave popcorn . just let that sink in for a minute .
my mom told me she had a prescription for thalidomide when carrying me , but decided to save money and put up with the morning sickness .
while illegal to prescribe to women of child bearing age , thalidomide currently is fda approved for treating certain symptoms of leprosy and for treating a kind of blood cancer called multiple myeloma .
while illegal to prescribe to women of child bearing age , thalidomide currently is fda approved for treating certain symptoms of leprosy and for treating a kind of blood cancer called multiple myeloma .
" attacking the devil " is a really good documentary about thalidomide in the uk .
also turned out to be a highly effective leprosy medication , did n't it ?
every time i hear someone bashing on the fda for taking forever to approve drugs in the us , i remember the thalidomide babies . horrible defects if you want nightmares , go google images of it :(
futurama was huge when it aired , just because it was out of your demographic does n't mean it was underapprecisted .
hence , futurama
hence , futurama
? ? ? the show was loved when it was actively airing , what do you mean it was underappreciated lol
barring that late phase where they tried to do contemporary humor , it holds up incredibly well .
one of the best jokes is that fry was impervious to the hypnotoad 's control , because of his missing brain wave , but watched the show anyway .
but then why protest other people 's decisions ? that 's protesting against god 's will , which is heresy .
then what was the fucking point in preaching against ... anything . stupid ignorant fuck .
then what was the fucking point in preaching against ... anything . stupid ignorant fuck .
by that measure god would also make some people monumentally stupid as well ...
vincent bugliosi also maintained that there is no free will in the bible
this just makes me even sadder for the indoctrinated kids there . and marvel even more at their parents ' stupidity .
it 's like being rocked by your mother except without them being resentful or overtly disappointed by your poor financial decisions
but does it ease back pain ? how ?
but does it ease back pain ? how ?
i love the rocking chair , i just wish there was a way to keep it rocking without my feet on the floor .
i like hammocks . until someone traps you in and spins you around .
rocking has proven therapeutic psychological benefits
jamaican .
retarded .
retarded .
a mistake .
stupid
tinfoil on your fillings
put that turtle down ! ! smacks hand bad !
r nocontext
r nocontext
this guy does n't know how to use the 3 shells .
lol this made me laugh , i needed that
flushing the system .
the obviously got a nat 20 on their deception checks .
live near drumlanrig . worth going to if you 're in south west scotland , but it 's more of a country house mansion rather than your traditional " castle " .
live near drumlanrig . worth going to if you 're in south west scotland , but it 's more of a country house mansion rather than your traditional " castle " .
that lawyers name ? james morgan " jimmy " mcgill
quick correction that should read yarn winder .
i was on my way to drumlanrig on the morning it was stolen ...
and now those bullies will n't even hear the sound of the car that 's about to run them down from behind .
it permanently messed up his face as well . a few years back he revealed he had cosmetic surgery on his nose to correct this .
it permanently messed up his face as well . a few years back he revealed he had cosmetic surgery on his nose to correct this .
they beat the living genius into him
20 years later when elon rules mars i 'm sorry , but you 'll have to stay stuck on earth who 's laughing now terry , who 's laughing now ? ! ! hahahahaha
bullied ? so at which point is it called assault ?
my uncle 's best friend from vietnam was a canadian soldier who volunteered to fight in the us army " because he loved war " . seems like the dude had a screw loose but was apparently a great friend and soldier .
fools equalize
fools equalize
must have had bone spurs .
my grandpa was a canadian working in alaska in the oil rigs and got his draft notice , i think it s because he had a green card or something . so he just moved back to canada cause he didn t believe in the war .
why would you volunteer to fight in such a stupid unnecessary war
not buddhist karma . all karma . nearly everyone misuses and misunderstands karma .
are n't we taking about reddit karma ?
are n't we taking about reddit karma ?
can n't wait for cockroach trump !
traditional buddhists do n't even believe in reincarnation .
of course .
i work minimum wage fuck me right ? you seem to care about people who do n't have what we do , tell me what actual things do you do for them outside of this little mad post ? i have 40 cents in my bank account until friday you do n't know what you 're talking about . at all lmao
that 's literally garbage speeds at highway robbery rates even for america which has very very scattered internet capabilities . i personally have 1gig up down for 70 a month in north dakota , so 200x faster than his for less money a month .
that 's literally garbage speeds at highway robbery rates even for america which has very very scattered internet capabilities . i personally have 1gig up down for 70 a month in north dakota , so 200x faster than his for less money a month .
yeah , how dare someone point out that they pay a lot of money for a subpar service when there are children in africa eating dirt for dinner .
how about you , asshole .
and you sound like a condescending douche bag . maybe you should shut the fuck up .
wait cockroaches bite ? ? ?
scientology is a dangerous cult that 's being increasingly outlawed in other countries . america should wake up and burn off this tick that 's attached to our ass .
scientology is a dangerous cult that 's being increasingly outlawed in other countries . america should wake up and burn off this tick that 's attached to our ass .
be careful . do n't want to piss off the scientologists . and i 'm not even kidding .
i still do n't understand why this shit is not officially recognized as a domestic terrorist organizations or a dangerous sect .
i was at dragoncon today , kinda disgusted by the amount of people buying hubbard books and posters , dont people realise they support this abuse with every dollar you give them ?
what about gay women ?
did n't india re criminalise it a few years ago ?
did n't india re criminalise it a few years ago ?
sometimes i forget that i 'm older than the current german state , and that feels weird to think about .
should note decriminalization is not the same as not enforcing the law , which happens at various rates .
east germany had many progressive social laws in comparison to the west . for instance , abortion was legal and free in the east . that 's still not as much the the case in unified germany , sure to the power of the churches
killing dogs for meat is illegal , same for cats and monkeys .
hunting is legal in germany iirc , but that would probably fall under killing the animal for a " proper reason " .
hunting is legal in germany iirc , but that would probably fall under killing the animal for a " proper reason " .
i mean ... it 's only 2 paragraphs , why do n't you read it and answer your question ?
my first thought as well . meat is n't biologically necessary for humans to consume , and it 's damaging to the environment , so it 's kinda hypocritical .
no , it 's not illegal . germany is one of the biggest meat producers worldwide .
sure , but only in the short term .
alcoholic beverages are solutions . alcohol ( ethanol or methanol ) are not solutions .
alcoholic beverages are solutions . alcohol ( ethanol or methanol ) are not solutions .
that 's what i tell everyone who tells me i have a problem
alcohol is not a solution , it is a solvent . booze is a solution .
i find it 's both the solution and the cause of most problems .
which is great because he does such a good job at it but sad because it often happens early in the stories and his acting skills are squandered , but what time he has on screen he sure does a fucking great job
i was so excited that he was doing the vo for civ vi ... but the character he voices in the opening cinematic dies lol .
i was so excited that he was doing the vo for civ vi ... but the character he voices in the opening cinematic dies lol .
sean bean death scene compilation . ( one of many ) __url__
and yet i 'm still surprised and disappointed every time he 's killed off .
hashtag saveseanbean :(
kids are dumb .
yum sour apple !
yum sour apple !
put a picture of broccoli on the poison .
why not go for the good old skull and crossbones ? i think it sends a clear message .
til that poisonous household materials are labeled with a green face named mr . yuk .
homeowner without kids here : my umbrella is so f ing cheap it 's stupid to not have it .
is this an american thing ?
is this an american thing ?
did you add this when they started driving or another age ? i have a 4 yr old so i hopefully will n't need it for some time but it 's not a bad idea .
wait , there 's insurance for if your children go on a homicidal rampage ? til indeed ...
goddamn kids .
undercover boss . shows how mindless sitcom tv has become .
did n't undercover boss premiere right after the superbowl one year ? that probably had something to do with it .
did n't undercover boss premiere right after the superbowl one year ? that probably had something to do with it .
was it the one with kylo ren ? that one is my favorite !
to me , cheers is the best final episode ever , it tied up all the loose ends while having great callbacks to even little things from its first season .
to be fair , roots was a mini series ( ie a tv event over several consecutive evenings ) not a true tv series .
as someone who is expecting their first child any moment , this thread terrifies me .
dont have anymore kids
dont have anymore kids
as a casual pleb and a father of a 2 year old , i agree
as an insurance adjuster , i suggest everyone should just stay home locked in a dark room with the blinds closed
you could have 3 moneys and no kids !
tai lopez got to do a ted x so definitely have some quality control issues .
while i would typically agree with your point , i think that even if tedx is unregulated that if it was the verified mother of one of the shooters it 's still a reliable talk .
while i would typically agree with your point , i think that even if tedx is unregulated that if it was the verified mother of one of the shooters it 's still a reliable talk .
some tedx talks are garbage , even a skater did one , i mean skating is awesome , but is not a ted worthy subject .
thank you for actually answering the question . cringing at people saying " the ' x ' lol xd , arent i funny guise ? "
how else would i learn to get a lamborghini and book shelves ?
til that i 'm never swimming in the ocean again .
nsfw
nsfw
nsfw link for the curious
i do n't need to think i just do
somehow japanese tentacle stuff makes more sense now .
i 'm going to the seafood store .
this comment deserves more appreciation .
this comment deserves more appreciation .
__url__
r furry irl
do you know that dolphine are rapist ? no joke , dolphin are fucking crazy
that ai n't northern michigan my friend .
milwankee ... took me two seconds to think of something that 'd probably work better .
milwankee ... took me two seconds to think of something that 'd probably work better .
" northern michigan " not even north of cadillac
as a man who frequents the zilwaukee bridge , i cant believe i never knew it was in northern michigan
you 're like , 3 hours south of " northern michigan "
and boris johnson is too slavering moron to become tory leader and could n't unite his laces .
once you eliminate the impossible , whatever remains , no matter how improbable , must be the truth .
once you eliminate the impossible , whatever remains , no matter how improbable , must be the truth .
begun , the tory wars has .
as much as i do n't like david davis it seems to me that he 's a more competent and potentially unifying figure than bloody boris . then again i do n't hold any brexiteer in particularly high regard . hammond would therefore be my choice if i were a tory but then i have a soul .
um errr umm err
" well guys it looks like we 're gonna have to stay here until we fix the boat . darn . "
unfortunately the crew had to trade sex with the islands men to get the nails back .
unfortunately the crew had to trade sex with the islands men to get the nails back .
the ship was n't the only thing that was going down !
ah those sea men
never been to tahiti but from my understanding the people and country are beautiful so i feel there was n't a lot to lose if the sailors remained .
they screwed us out of screws so we had to screw them back to get the screws back
quit screwing around !
quit screwing around !
r wordavalanches
nails
trading nails for screws
oh ... my ... god
thread
thread
you just won .
facepalm how did i miss that ?
i rather call it a thousandpacerock
just go to the front desk of a hotel and ask them to look up a guest . when they ask the guest 's name say " i 'll spell it for you . a ... c ... i ... d . can ... can you locate that guest for me ? "
that 's the thing . i really want that life changing experience , but i can n't get the stuff . i have way too many friends who are squares . hell , maybe i 'm a square .
that 's the thing . i really want that life changing experience , but i can n't get the stuff . i have way too many friends who are squares . hell , maybe i 'm a square .
1p lsd is legal in many places and you can get a known dose reliably
safely buying lsd is truly the most dangerous and unpleasant aspect of it . can you imagine if it were legal and regulated ?
darknet .
six hours without touching the bottom . maybe that 30 mile swim required making contact with the bottom several times . but yes , i also noticed that and it bothered me .
where is an elephant going that it can swim walk for 30 miles hours at one stretch ? ? ?
where is an elephant going that it can swim walk for 30 miles hours at one stretch ? ? ?
this does n't take into account possible currents though .
they never said this was all at the same time .
and 1.6 km is a mile , not 2.1
are n't those just honorary awards ? it 'd be a bit weird if they actually stripped the winners at that time off their ballon d'ors for a reevalutation .
they did n't change anything . he does n't hold any record . that was just a special piece for the 60th anniversary of the magazine .
they did n't change anything . he does n't hold any record . that was just a special piece for the 60th anniversary of the magazine .
how many of those did garrincha deserve ?
7 ? that 's just crazy . it 's more remarkable that ronaldo and messi have 4 and 5 each because they basically have to share this era . if messi did n't exist , ronaldo would have 9 ( 10 after this year ) and vice versa for messi .
goat .
i 'd like to make a deposit .
what do you think they mean by a british pound ?
what do you think they mean by a british pound ?
i wonder if produce might be even older ... probably no .
yes , and your mother is my investment manager .
not really because swapping services for items isnt a use of currency , it 's just trading . prostitution is said to be the world 's oldest trade , though .
to be fair , the same could be said of rogue one . but yeah , not sure why we need a prequel to a prequel
we have a sequel to the original aliens a prequel to the original covenant a sequel to the prequel aliens ( 202 ? ) a prequel to the prequel prometheus a sequel to noomi 's character of the prequel 's prequel awakening wtf ?
we have a sequel to the original aliens a prequel to the original covenant a sequel to the prequel aliens ( 202 ? ) a prequel to the prequel prometheus a sequel to noomi 's character of the prequel 's prequel awakening wtf ?
wow , this is going to be fantastically retarded . :(
do n't worry , it will n't be worth wasting time or money on anyway .
a prequel ... to a prequel . is there any reason awakening could n't just have been made before covenant ?
you mean cia 's mind control experiments will fuck even the smartest and the brightest minds up ?
only the smartest and brightest can go that far off . us regular dumbasses just sit in the park and yell at squirrels when we go crazy .
only the smartest and brightest can go that far off . us regular dumbasses just sit in the park and yell at squirrels when we go crazy .
you can always tell a harvard man but you can n't tell him much .
i would n't say they made a mistake . he was supposedly very smart and good in his field .
he graduated from there at 20 .
can n't believe that a marine got promoted in the army ..
yeah that gump guy is such a brown noser too
yeah that gump guy is such a brown noser too
is this a forest gump reference ?
d . e . n . n . i . s 'd
i can run 2 miles in 16 minutes . what would my rank be ?
well , he could do that in 160 days
if you go in a straight line with the goal of going around the world , yes . my car has 120 000 miles on it and i did n't got around the world three time with it .
if you go in a straight line with the goal of going around the world , yes . my car has 120 000 miles on it and i did n't got around the world three time with it .
he was n't circumnavigating the globe necessarily though . he had to stop off and check on his pearl , and get the electricity for his sub . it was quite novel at the time to use electricity as a fuel .
in my native language the book 's translated name is " a circumnavigation beneath the sea . " they probably didnt go in a straight line .
remember he would still have to navigate so its only in best case that he could go around the world twice . it actually seems like a likely figure if they needed to maneouver around cape horn or what not .
which probably explains why she was n't sufficiently sad in the first place .
classic narcissist .
classic narcissist .
he also told everyone his wife died ( she did n't ) and when asked why everyone still sees her walking about to and from his house , he said that it was " her ghost " . this fucker .
this explains that .
how times have changed . sort of .
i loathe nic cage , but the weatherman is an amazing movie .
ever heard of a line ? " hey have you ever been dragged to the sidewalk and beaten til you pissed bloouud "
ever heard of a line ? " hey have you ever been dragged to the sidewalk and beaten til you pissed bloouud "
adaptation , weatherman , family man , all great
" hey hey hey , y you ever been dragged down the street and beaten until you pissed ! blood ! ? "
my girlfriend 's 1 crush is nic cage , because of this movie . the part where he says something like he wants to blow his brains out but he can n't stop thinking about what it would do to his f f f fucking carpet is apparently what won her over .
george costanza did it too
where is the architecture major mentioned ?
where is the architecture major mentioned ?
like someone who might want to become an architect .
the : average student scholarship aka , the a . s . s . award .
i think this is a ball state scholarship .
and thus the diabeetus epidemic we now have as a result of low fat diets in the 80 ' s . fat does not make you fat .
except typically with milk no one adds sugar to it after they skim off the fat .
except typically with milk no one adds sugar to it after they skim off the fat .
most people just say tarp
could you provide a link ? i cannot find it .
link for the lazy , or those who are bad at google
there are a lot of christians i know who will adamantly refuse to acknowledge that " allah " is the arabic word for " god " , and insist that muslims worship a completely different god named " allah " .
jesus 's mother language was aramaic , and in aramaic " god " ( l h , or alaha ) means allah as well . so , jesus himself was referring to the god as " allah " .
jesus 's mother language was aramaic , and in aramaic " god " ( l h , or alaha ) means allah as well . so , jesus himself was referring to the god as " allah " .
seriously , intro course teach you about this
the same way the golden age superman , silver age superman , and modern age superman are all the same character ... except for those times that they meet and fight each other ...
it is common knowledge
it 's amazing how many people considered early seasons of the simpsons to be controversial . what a different time .
the first few ones were scary as heck . plenty of blood .
the first few ones were scary as heck . plenty of blood .
when i was a kid one of the first tree house episodes scared the crap out of me it was the one with the house that bleeds and was talking i think .
it never bother me as a kid , but as an adult i have had some strange and terrifying dreams that have the simpson 's halloween stuff in them . it makes no sense . lol .
james earl jones ' voice alone was enough . " your wife is quite a dishhhhhhhh . "
when using a new poverty calculation that takes ' cost of living ' into account and applies it to regions where it should n't apply .
because of a combination of very high real estate prices and a welfare tax scheme that disincentivizes upward mobility . if you are poor in california there is little to no benefit to becoming lower middle class , which is the step you have to take to get to middle class .
because of a combination of very high real estate prices and a welfare tax scheme that disincentivizes upward mobility . if you are poor in california there is little to no benefit to becoming lower middle class , which is the step you have to take to get to middle class .
i feel like la is a bit of a lodestone for crazy , and crazy people tend to be poor .
because if you 're homeless in america , why not move to the best climate , naturally and politically ?
too many people moving here for fame , and not knowing the gold rush ended .
i hate it when my cat eats from the forbidden tree and ascends to a higher level of intelligence but what can you do
g man with the rhetorical question
g man with the rhetorical question
oh , so now you want to take a literal story and pick and choose what 's metaphorical . the story is literal or metaphorical . if it 's literal , then god did not know where adam was , so it 's all bullshit . if it 's metaphorical , then none of it happened and it 's all bullshit .
faith restored .
so ... this is why we have to pray to an omniscient god ? because he wants to hear us beg for it ?
most of us were never vikings . norsemen , yes , but not raiders .
donald duck comics can get pretty violent .
donald duck comics can get pretty violent .
the world does n't really allow for previous past times now .
well .. i keep trying to collect donald duck in every country i visit . did not expect it to bee so hard . usa was almost hardest .
downvote cause dick nipples
" i 'm sorry ladies , you 're not permitted to touch paper nor sign your name , thus this lawsuit is summarily dismissed with prejudice . "
on the federal level , switzerland only allowed women to vote in 1980 . bonus : if you remove one ' r ' from ' innerrhoden ' , you get ' inside testicle ' .
on the federal level , switzerland only allowed women to vote in 1980 . bonus : if you remove one ' r ' from ' innerrhoden ' , you get ' inside testicle ' .
2 women ? so what were the other 6 lazy cunts doing that day ?
it 's not a particularly proud part of our history . then again , traveling the 100 or so km from where i live to those regions is like traveling back in time at least sixty years ...
well .. this is litterally bumfuck nowhere . innerhoden lul , great word to translate
the causes of the industrial revolution are hotly debated . the role of the middle class is controversial
i do n't know if you can reduce the reasons for the industrial revolution down to just steel and having a middle class . this is such a reductionist way to say something .
i do n't know if you can reduce the reasons for the industrial revolution down to just steel and having a middle class . this is such a reductionist way to say something .
the extent of my knowledge of chinese history is that the mongolians probably had something to do with it .
no it was n't
this is just not true . also extremely speculative that china never had an industrial revolution due to the absence of a middle class .
and the worst part is , bison meat is basically just better cow meat . if we had a lot of these bastards still running around hamburgers would be so much tastier .
by a christian nation
by a christian nation
humans are cunts eh
on the bright side they are coming back . both domesticated and wild herds now exist and are protected . the henry mountain herd is genetically pure ( no cattle genes ) and being used help populate other new herds .
wow americans drove a species extinct just to help genocide an entire people haha wow land of the free
the leaders of the cult need to be put in front a firing squad and shot .
it 's become so , so much bigger than a tick , though .
it 's become so , so much bigger than a tick , though .
you can outlaw a religion ? if so , can we add a few others to this list ?
just outlaw religion in general and i bet we 'd see a lot of improvements
i do n't understand how organizations like these are allowed here . the fucking kkk is still around . now queue up for the soap box people talking about freedom of expression .
dude you forgot to add " where c is an arbitrary constant "
do n't they all get more for not explicitly stating to what they were integrating with respect to ? i 'm looking at you math 340 prof .
do n't they all get more for not explicitly stating to what they were integrating with respect to ? i 'm looking at you math 340 prof .
this is too realistic . i 'm graduated now . i 'm not supposed to feel these feelings again !
fuck that shit . it 's especially useless in engineering because we usually integrate over a part of a curve ( i . e . from a lower to an upper limit ) , so the c almost always goes away anyway .
the amount of fucking points i 've lost to that ...
til i 'm colourblind
i love the colorblind !
i love the colorblind !
__url__
hidden figures
only non colourblind people can see them ! ! !
( )
and brady accounted for as many as roethlisberger and manning combined .
and brady accounted for as many as roethlisberger and manning combined .
save us , alex smith . you 're our only hope .
weknow.jpg
i feel like i 've heard this stat a thousand times .
let bartlet be bartlet
just finished episode 3 of season 7 and did n't know much about sheen before starting the show . i 'm 25 and watching the show for the first time . this thread and comment made my day . now all we need is a show about toby z !
just finished episode 3 of season 7 and did n't know much about sheen before starting the show . i 'm 25 and watching the show for the first time . this thread and comment made my day . now all we need is a show about toby z !
still the best president ever !
of all the actors i wish would run for president , i would quit my job and campaign with him . bartlet 20 20 !
it 's not illegal when the president does it .
depends on the person . a few of the reported cases were alert and coherent . many lived . the human body is pretty amazing
a normal lethal ( well , near fatal alcohol poisoning ) bac is around 0.5 unless you have a really really high tolerance
a normal lethal ( well , near fatal alcohol poisoning ) bac is around 0.5 unless you have a really really high tolerance
a very slow detox with metric asstons of valium . at this point their brains are so adpated to alcohol that removing it would kill the person .
starting to think your blood alchohol is over 1 percent . " how long would can you be above "
they give methanol infuse , it binds with the ethanol making it non toxic
not just without moving his lips , but without reading the words out loud !
how do we know this absolutely true factoid ? ? ?
how do we know this absolutely true factoid ? ? ?
probably because history never thought to record the " epic accomplishment " of not being a meat phonograph .
religiouscontributions
he looks like joey bats
i love you as much as kanye loves kanye
kanye loves you as much as humanly possible ... but he loves kanye as much as kanye ly possible .
kanye loves you as much as humanly possible ... but he loves kanye as much as kanye ly possible .
they 'd probably kill you eventually .
i 'm giving upvotes to everyone before the kanye fanatics inevitable show up and downvote the shit out of everyone .
me too thanks
male teen porpoises quickly learn the difference between electric eels and other eels .
oh , that poor eel ! " what 's he .. what are you .. oh ! oh , god .. no ! ah , fuck ! no ! not again ! goddammit ! "
oh , that poor eel ! " what 's he .. what are you .. oh ! oh , god .. no ! ah , fuck ! no ! not again ! goddammit ! "
as one does
is the eel ok afterwards ? just wondering .
that 's not masturbation , that 's just fucking an eel
possibly . but i think you may have a hard time identifying with it b c a lot of conflict has been lost b c of technology . you 'll have to imagine living in a world w o cell phones .
you better .
you better .
this is what happened with me , i love it as a 25 year old .
i doubt it . i never thought it was funny when i was younger , now i actively loathe it and how much undeserved praise it gets .
are you really that dense ?
ah yes , the " why i cringe at it being used to describe any kind of post online " meme .
why ?
why ?
i 'm afraid you 'd be wrong in that cringe . an internet meme is every bit a " meme " as wearing pants is . they become a discrete unit of cultural awareness , shared and spread throughout public awareness .
you must cringe a lot on a daily basis . feelsbadman .
i only cringe when old people pronounce it " mee mee " .
til that ted kaczynski is still alive .
til ted kaczynski went to harvard shows you that even the smartest and brightest minds on earth are n't perfect and sometimes make mistakes ( harvard selection board ) .
til ted kaczynski went to harvard shows you that even the smartest and brightest minds on earth are n't perfect and sometimes make mistakes ( harvard selection board ) .
reminds me of the snl skit . will ferrell plays ted and he goes to his college reunion . good stuff . __url__
what do the unabomber and a girl from mississippi have in common ?
his brother turned him in and gave reward money to the victims families .
this show ruined my saturday morning cartoons .
i always enjoy when toh is realistic with their building techniques and budgets . like the episode where they had custom cnc machined curved brackets and curved rafters for a porch .
i always enjoy when toh is realistic with their building techniques and budgets . like the episode where they had custom cnc machined curved brackets and curved rafters for a porch .
who knew the endless diy and house swappers to follow . today it 's youtube and r diy . no more trade secrets and people still hire out builders and contractors .
new yankee workshop ( sister show ? spinoff ? ) was one of the most relaxing craft shows .
i 've learned lots from tom silva . he 's definitely a master carpenter .
they should make a movie with johnny depp .
i read pistone 's book and dont remember this , from the movie he was posing as an orphan , if the mob cant trace your lineage , they wont make you .
i read pistone 's book and dont remember this , from the movie he was posing as an orphan , if the mob cant trace your lineage , they wont make you .
bill braskie ! ! helluva guy .
what a miserable lifestyle
they were n't real mobsters . they were fugazi .
1:1
unfortunately for him , the firing squad had better luck finding their target .
unfortunately for him , the firing squad had better luck finding their target .
" i turn the corner , all ready to die for my country , and whadda ya know i just missed them ! "
r nevertellmetheodds ?
never tell me the odds
somebody who has a lot of money to spend on something that came out of shatner 's penis .
me
me
i 'd like to note that alongside this , william shatner is apparently the sort of guy to pass a kidney stone , look at it , and think " i wonder how much i can get for that ? "
quirky tax write off ?
m tter museum ?
this guy translates
was that version the one that joel osteen made ?
was that version the one that joel osteen made ?
oh well damn i guess that heywaitaminute
i believe the proper translation says rad , " the love of money is totally rad . "
thank you joel osteen
you got it .
ivodka trump ?
ivodka trump ?
ivanka
ivan if you just domed your son with a scepter ?
soda popinski
except the grills are awesome .
i want a garage sale soda stream !
i want a garage sale soda stream !
hey garage sales are awash with those because people are pussies and dont want to drink the nasty good stuff . the nutri bullet is a great product
yup . it 's like i tell people never to buy a bread maker new . every thrift store is full of them . in a few years thrift shops will be full of sous vide machines .
i can n't stand water unless it 's carbonated so please do n't knock my soda stream . t'is the way , the truth , and the life .
probably one of like 6 actors who could have starred in balls of fury without tanking his career .
he elevates literally everything he 's in .
he elevates literally everything he 's in .
he does play christopher walken very well . he really nailed that character .
sean connery is another one . he 's taken some atrocious fucking roles without a scratch .
not true . he 's awful in the warricker sequels and his voice acting in the jungle book reboot was terrible . no nailing to speak of in those roles .
paul revered ?
he actually said " the normies "
he actually said " the normies "
jack black ?
did he then said , " ... and you better get this party started "
duhhh
" hung by the neck until climax "
the courts like to be all dramatic when pronouncing a death sentence : " electricity shall be passed throughout your body in sufficient current to administer death ... " " an injection of lethal chemicals shall be administered until death is pronounced upon you . "
the courts like to be all dramatic when pronouncing a death sentence : " electricity shall be passed throughout your body in sufficient current to administer death ... " " an injection of lethal chemicals shall be administered until death is pronounced upon you . "
ok , abed .
hanged , dear . criminals are not tapestries .
the two things every libertarian lives by never allow unwarranted searches and always listen for loopholes when you 're about to be hanged .
it 's certainly cringey that the first thing you associate the word black with is skin color .
we also have a basket ball team called the tall blacks .
we also have a basket ball team called the tall blacks .
sorry , on reddit the downvote button get 's used a lot .
i think you misunderstood the comment .
yes .
cowboy ass
beans
beans
" pudding "
they packed fudge instead . trey and matt could still sue on behalf of tom cruise .
a bunch of beans if i recall correctly
here is a gif of it happening : __url__
holy shit , i totally forgot about this !
holy shit , i totally forgot about this !
it was about the coolest and the saddest thing that i saw happen in a baseball game . poor randy .
weird , we were just talking about this at the bar .
" una paloma blanca , ahhh ahhhhhh oh shit "
if i tried to kill myself and that happened , i would probably take that as a sign .
" you stop that . " god .
" you stop that . " god .
everybody gets one
" you 're a mean drunk , superman . "
the afterlife rejects you !
source of source
is it a combination of both whiskey and cigarettes though , or will one do the job ?
is it a combination of both whiskey and cigarettes though , or will one do the job ?
there 's always free cheddar in the mousetrap baby , it 's a deal ! it 's a deal !
tom waits , also a now sober former alcoholic .
yeah but not in the time frame of days or hours .
" human computer " was redundant up until around 70 years ago ... a computer was a person who did calculations for a living . when we started making machines to do that , the phrase was " digital computer " to differentiate them .
as a math imbecile , how did she do this ?
as a math imbecile , how did she do this ?
not to be confused with the human centipede
rip , she was one of most interesting people i had ever heard about
i think human abacus would 've been just as cool a nickname .
it seems like they final y found a solution to the problem .
damn , son .
damn , son .
well played
but it would be digital , like holographic funds . it would be a holo cost
especially when the cost of the bullet is charged to the family of the deceased !
the entire modern canadian identity is based around somehow being better than america .
there 's a huge difference . it 's two different countries with two different policies on immigration that would affect who arrives at a particular time .
there 's a huge difference . it 's two different countries with two different policies on immigration that would affect who arrives at a particular time .
i 'm an immigrant and the difference i notice is the variety of countries represented . canada accepts 300k immigrants per year while the u . s . , with a population 10x as large , accepts only 675k . so the percentage of the population coming from elsewhere is larger here .
it was about the french , not the chinese
the secret plan : bring in non white immigrants so when the natives want their land back the whites just step back and let one minority keep the other one busy . also , you know , a beacon of hope and freedom to the world etc etc ... source : am level 32 white .
swimming pool filled with ice cream .
not that much money tbh . you couldnt become a billionaire off of it
not that much money tbh . you couldnt become a billionaire off of it
28,000 is nothing . i have more than that saved up in investments and cash right now but i know that if i started a company with that money today i 'd lose it all .
28000 in 1995 should be 30000 by now would still waste it on videogames 10 10
tbh he accomplished a lot of stuff before that . i feel useless too after reading that graph . : , (
yeah grizzly bears are very dangerous source : am a grizzly bear
herzog is so amazing . you never see his face in this scene but she cries just looking at him . very intense .
herzog is so amazing . you never see his face in this scene but she cries just looking at him . very intense .
this dude explains herzog 's storytelling , even in a documentary fashion . specifically the scene you posted . __url__
first video is not available .
i remember watching that documentary . that guy was crazy lol . every summer he would go there he appeared to develop a relationship with the animals but one mean sucker put an end to that
if we do n't study the mistakes of the future we 're doomed to repeat them for the first time .
emphasis on learn . you can have a very limited or biased view of history and come to warped conclusions
emphasis on learn . you can have a very limited or biased view of history and come to warped conclusions
i used to think this just meant that people are more likely to repeat history if they do n't learn from it . but as i grow older , i 've realized that you 're not simply more likely to repeat history , you will indeed repeat history , if you do n't learn from it .
if we don t learn from history channel we are doomed to repeat history channel .
bravo
either flush ' em or shove ' em up your ass , one or the other , just get them out of sight ! edit : wtf , i 've never even watched rick and morty . this reference was unintentional .
eat 'em eat 'em hurry up dude !
eat 'em eat 'em hurry up dude !
memes need tending . tend to your memes .
the hell with the cops . the reanimated corpse of sean bean is after us . it 's like that slug , but with legs .
boil em mash em stick em in a stew
my reading of it is that you should n't employ animals to form part of your critical communications infrastructure because they simply do n't have the speed reliability fault tolerance integrity properties that a modern built environment needs .
did nobody even read the synopsis ? the hare did n't sleep in that version . he forfeited the race because it was stupid .
did nobody even read the synopsis ? the hare did n't sleep in that version . he forfeited the race because it was stupid .
i like your interpretation better
would just warning everyone prevent deaths ? is n't the story more about fire safety and the necessity of smoke detectors and fire extinguishers in public areas ?
when the fuck did this story turn into dark souls ?
this is either a honest mistake or a deliberate choice , neither is reassuring for all parties involved .
before getting worked up about this , please keep in mind the shitstorm that occurred after trump rung taiwan after his election .
before getting worked up about this , please keep in mind the shitstorm that occurred after trump rung taiwan after his election .
well he is technically president of both china and the island of formosa . china wont see that island as a independent country . xi jinpin is the leader of both according to china . rest of the world mostly agrees with that .
the img 1 anchor in the url causes the main image to take up the entire browser viewport .
it will take the us at least 50 years to recover its image on the international stage from the trump presidency
i disagree . and a good days to yous .
i thought it was weak until i re watched it . there 's a lot of hints to the reveal hidden in the episode i missed the first time , and it definitely cause me to appreciate more
i thought it was weak until i re watched it . there 's a lot of hints to the reveal hidden in the episode i missed the first time , and it definitely cause me to appreciate more
which episode ?
why are you tagged as 65 ?
who 's this jabroni ?
she used to stream on twitch , not sure if she still does .
she did twitch stream for a bit . was pretty dull .
she did twitch stream for a bit . was pretty dull .
she dated that ducksauce streamer for a while .
honestly , i feel like most people are gamers these days !
married a streamer ? i thought she was married to peter brady from the brady bunch . they had a reality show about it .
i really do n't like them and i did n't know the background . i still do n't like them , so thank you .
i really like them and i did n't know the background , so thank you .
i really like them and i did n't know the background , so thank you .
i had the pleasure of catching one of their shows in anaheim last month . i was thoroughly impressed ... lots of talent .
when the story of how a band got their name is more interesting than any of the music they 've produced
21 pilots are garbage .
well then ... go lewis go !
also , hamilton went to hungary last year , trailing by a single point , not having led the championship all year , won the race , then lost the championship .
also , hamilton went to hungary last year , trailing by a single point , not having led the championship all year , won the race , then lost the championship .
ferrari 1 2 it is .
damn it , can ricciardo win this one pls
obviously , this means alonso 's gonna steal this one
this must be that bastard bird from far cry 4
smug piece of shit
smug piece of shit
their talons are no joke .
should crosspost to natureislit . what a badass bird .
skraaaw eat the mudmen , rule the world skraaaaw
shorthand for m ms . jim parson earns one small chocolate candy per episode , similar to how some tech gurus have an annual salary of 1 a year .
i think it stands for mo ' money or whatever .
i think it stands for mo ' money or whatever .
in case you 're not kidding , in finance circles mm is often used to abbreviate million . no idea why , but it 's a thing .
i think it 's because thousand thousand
macarons maybe ? those ai n't cheap and are worth more than a dollar .
aka getting " kicked upstairs "
happened where i work . i 'm lucky that a much more competent person is between me and the one who was promoted . it makes my job more pleasant .
happened where i work . i 'm lucky that a much more competent person is between me and the one who was promoted . it makes my job more pleasant .
that would apply to government , read non elected , jobs as well
i wish they would promoete me , i would n't mind 4 times my salary with less accountability
last week my manager told the team , jokingly mentioning two of my colleagues who just got new position in other departments : " those who succeed in my department are those who leave " . he is in the department since 25 years .
yep . i had 1500 bucks on the counter when the clerk told me that . i kept the 1500 bucks .
lots of modern artists work this way . they design the work and sometimes supervise its creation but do n't actively participate . many installation artists are n't even capable of building the objects they present .
lots of modern artists work this way . they design the work and sometimes supervise its creation but do n't actively participate . many installation artists are n't even capable of building the objects they present .
and it looks it . this shit is n't art , never was . fools and their money .
the painter of shyte ! though he did start out legit with a gallery in cape may nj .. then he found easy money on hsn and qvc
copies or not , art is in the eye of the beholder not withstanding his work is crap . gaudy , over the top rubbish . the hidden pictures prints had more appeal . imho
it was also more or less ruled by the mob during much of the 1920s 1950s . galveston free state . it 's a fun town .
france is one of the six flags over texas .
france is one of the six flags over texas .
" lafitte organized galveston into a pirate " kingdom " he called " campeche " , anointing himself the island 's " head of government . " " i 'm not going to be a pirate . i 'm going to be a pirate king . " sterling archer .
galveston was also in the running as the capital city of texas . wiki does n't have that though ...
i 'm surprised they have n't made a movie about this
it 's either this or " shaun baun " there is no in between .
im my head i read it as mr bean aka rowan atkinson , i dont know why
im my head i read it as mr bean aka rowan atkinson , i dont know why
" in my head " ...
me too . always .
every time !
or you just fuck brienne of fucking tarth . all muscles , sweat , and eyes like she wants to carve you up and eat your liver .
gay sex is literally twice as manly as straight sex
gay sex is literally twice as manly as straight sex
you should be a lawyer
the problem that many cultures everywhere historically nowadays have had is not with the dicking , but with the sissy ing . in rome fucking a dude in the ass was considered all right as it asserted masculinity . getting one up your hole was gay , however .
til i 'm straight up queer .
i 'm not anywhere near being wealthy , yet i too am harassed by beggars other passengers .
bruh , it s cause my homie wasn t just packin bills . he was packin heat , he could rock a fella .
bruh , it s cause my homie wasn t just packin bills . he was packin heat , he could rock a fella .
drivers , cars , fuel , bodyguards all cost money . he did n't get rich by spending it .
that was back when you could punch a beggar who got a little too close and not have to pay a multi million dollar settlement for it .
he refused to use private transportation ... but did n't he own the railroad he was riding on ?
yeah , but russia has lower gdp than canada with over 4 times the population . both countries have similar climate , so there must be other reasons , or russia 's gdp would be about 4 times what canada 's is .
some parts of russia have some of the most fertile soil in the world .
some parts of russia have some of the most fertile soil in the world .
i am electing to accept this as true .
those are n't italian spaghetti trees but swiss ones . i know because i once saw a bbc documentary on the swiss spaghetti harvest .
thanks for supplying the source , was about call you out for lying about the trees
cocaine is a hell of a drug .
about their moms , mostly .
about their moms , mostly .
sigmund 's brain must have been fried after talking for that length of time
jesus h christmas . the first time i read that , i thought it said they fucked for 13 hours . talk about a freudian slip .
sounds like they had a special connection . i hope they became good friends , or even lovers .
til anti vaxers are trying to save the economy .
the chinese have a saying : the single raindrop never feels responsible for the flood .
the chinese have a saying : the single raindrop never feels responsible for the flood .
everyone wants to solve the overpopulation problem , very few want to die .
my actual source was not the wiki link but the book ' the silk roads ' by peter frankopan .
we are overdue for another purge !
he 's probably the best celebrity turned pitch man ever . he did wonders for meineke too .
not a bad salary to " knock out the fat ! "
not a bad salary to " knock out the fat ! "
fianc es mom got us one for my birthday . it 's pretty good but i do n't like it for cooking steaks :
also interesting to think that hulk hogan was originally supposed to be the one to endorse it .
ordinary sandwich becomes amazingly good on this . i keep it on the counter ... when the wife lets me ...
signing up for something and actually doing it are worlds apart ... looking at you saudi arabia
it 's a worthless u . n . circle jerk , with no value for u . s . citizens .
it 's a worthless u . n . circle jerk , with no value for u . s . citizens .
do you think that maybe it 's because our laws were already better than what was written into that treaty ? because that 's probably exactly the case .
have you ever had to deal with our women ?
if you look at the worst countries in the world to be a woman , and you look at the signatories of this treaty , you find some pretty significant overlap . yemen , saudi arabia , egypt , pakistan ... they all signed .
til that snuffy was originally big bird 's imaginary friend ...
i 'm surprised that they never addressed that waste management and meth kingpin oscar heisenberg lived on the same street .
i 'm surprised that they never addressed that waste management and meth kingpin oscar heisenberg lived on the same street .
i 've had my manhood called snuffleupagus due to it having a trunk and noone having seen it .
that title makes no goddamn sense
snuffy reminds me of an opioid addict .
respect for your young aged modding
word , i learned photoshop by making my own textures for games when i was in middleschool .
word , i learned photoshop by making my own textures for games when i was in middleschool .
1999 , caesar 3 . i remember editing the ini to change it that the delete command would give me like 1000 gold instead of cost 5 gold . good times .
editing those . ini files and sending a copy to a friend led to some interesting multiplayer skirmishes !
cnc ini modding was amazing as a kid . you could make completely new units using it . once made a rifleman who shot nuclear missiles , killing themselves in the process . i thought that was the best thing ever .
the marketing push for jobs to be labelled a genius is tedious .
if you have taken lsd even once you can see the benefits it has . abuse of anything is n't a good idea but that does n't mean experimentation is as well .
if you have taken lsd even once you can see the benefits it has . abuse of anything is n't a good idea but that does n't mean experimentation is as well .
lsd has been used to combat mental illness for a long time . it can also help cure alcohol addiction . so he could very well have not been as successful had he passed . some afflictions can n't be seen .
as someone who has done lsd , i 'm not going to go into some long winded spiel encouraging people to try it . all i 'm going to say is calling the experience profound is n't the right word to describe it . it 's just the best word we have available to us .
he was holding the cancer wrong .
what 's amusing is this was just be of the movies chris roberts worked on . yes that chris ( wing commander star citizen )
i would agree , this is also one of my favorite jared leto movies ( even though i love all his movies ) just because of the shot of him making a huge line of cocaine shaped like crimea
i would agree , this is also one of my favorite jared leto movies ( even though i love all his movies ) just because of the shot of him making a huge line of cocaine shaped like crimea
it 's great , but dear lord was the trailer misleading . i went in expecting a comedy . i was ... surprised at what i ended up watching . __url__
so wait i missed when we started calling him nick .
a good and underrated movie :)
i had forgotten that . it was amazing to watch a music video on the computer . i remember decoding a mime file to see a nsfw pic of elle mcpherson , it made my whole week !
never knew it was on there just loved the video from when mtv played videos
never knew it was on there just loved the video from when mtv played videos
i was like , windows 95 ? no way , that song has not been out that long .. ... fuck i 'm old .
i remember when an entire os fit on a cd .
rob roy is a great film too .
now that s effective advertising !
this will make me think of peewee every single time i hear it .
this will make me think of peewee every single time i hear it .
the danger is real
the weaponized version ( thunderclap ) was to be directed at the germans . it was never used .
why did n't they just ban clapping ?
i would ask a con lawyer . i recommend bob loblaw . he has a blog . it 's called bob loblaw 's law blog .
you even forgot a con ... gogocongocongoer
you even forgot a con ... gogocongocongoer
a gogocongocongoer you mean
llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantisiliogogogogogogogogoch
gogocongocongoer
ac motherfucking dc ! ! ! greatest rock n roll band of all time .
til 1977 was a dann good year .
til 1977 was a dann good year .
meatloaf !
what 's also interesting is that the only artist to sell more than 20 million albums in the last 12 years is adele ... which she did twice .
this is only true for the claimed sales though , the certified numbers are different .
i did n't ask to be born
no ! you see , they work for each other !
no ! you see , they work for each other !
ooh la la , some ones gonna get laid in college
eek barba dirkle
aka capitalism
hey , guess what ! little jerry ran from here to newman 's in under thirty seconds !
you can n't over die , you can n't over dry
you can n't over die , you can n't over dry
you can n't over die , you can n't over dry .
you can n't over die . you can n't over dry .
no ! the reason he s iron man is because he goes out there and plays every game . wash ! spin ! rinse ! spin ! you take that away from him , you break his spirit !
i always just changed him into the dog and had him do tricks ... wow i feel old .
it looks like you re writing a suicide note . would you like some help with that ?
it looks like you re writing a suicide note . would you like some help with that ?
basically , cortana of the 90 ' s .
i do n't get why people had such an issue with clippy ! i always changed him to a cat and he 'd just curl up on my screen and nap . it was calming ...
clippys revenge
evil is n't always stupid
same tax system which make big corps use luxembourg to avoid paying tax in europe ?
same tax system which make big corps use luxembourg to avoid paying tax in europe ?
patton said that when the allies got people who could make the phones , trains , power plants and water systems run in liberated areas as well as the nazis could , then he 'd get rid of the nazis .
in the netherlands the nazis changed the traffic rules so all those pesky bikes no longer had right of way . this was only changed back to the original rules in 2001 .
they also build a lot of infrastructure , and created child wellfare . they might 've been the baddies , but it was still a pretty efficient bunch . after all running an empire takes a lot of work .
not true , limit of one square foot per person . otherwise i 'd be building a house already .
sounds like reddit needs to buy up a bunch of squares of land and call it place .
sounds like reddit needs to buy up a bunch of squares of land and call it place .
my favourite scotch , gotta love laphroaig 3
still more standing room than the bar i drink it in .
got mine a while ago . looking forward to visiting my patch .
or hes a drug dealer . sold ! !
no he does n't . he localizes .
no he does n't . he localizes .
but does he lift ?
i can sell it for cheaper .
this guy fucks
i believe the poster means our lizard overlords
dolphins or mice
dolphins or mice
yeah but dolphins ...
zinger !
they 're talking about the dolphins , surely .
a league is a light little over 5.5 km . 20,000 of them would be 110,000 km . the earth measures 12,750 km across through the equator . so to go 20,000 leagues deep , you would end up over 17.6 thousand leagues into space .
oh , twenty thousand leagues while beneath the surface . does n't quite have the same ring .
oh , twenty thousand leagues while beneath the surface . does n't quite have the same ring .
spanish title is , peculiarly enough , not open to ambiguity , as the english one seems to be : veinte mil leguas de viaje submarino .
you finally fathomed it out .
related : snl sketch of kelsey grammer as captain nemo in 20,000 leagues under the sea .
brb as i go publish the next game of throne sequel in china by switching names of don quixote characters .
and using it to replace shitty genre fiction . not a bad trade .
and using it to replace shitty genre fiction . not a bad trade .
ooh , i want to do this with fanfiction . sonicxamy slashfics but with day of the triffids characters !
the picture of dorian gray is a hard slog .
true , in this case . but the same " author " who did " dan brown 's the lost symbol " made a film that was an hour and 15 minutes of blue screen and sold it on dvd as " the catcher in the rye " .
that was actually david bowie
he also invented glam rock
he also invented glam rock
it 's great , but dealing with all the dead clones quickly becomes a chore .
or wireless electricity .
actually , ryback invented teleportation . just ask him , he 'll tell you himself .
since they can n't turn around while inside your ear canal , they just burrow deeper into your brain .
came here to say that ..
came here to say that ..
nah thats the earwig . my mom munched one in her coffee once and thought it was a coffee bean when ppl started freaking out .
head phones with the save !
fuck right the fuck off with bringing up that story . that can die and never come back up again .
a raccoon stole 20 dollars ?
call me skeptical , but i find that annecdote hard to believe .
call me skeptical , but i find that annecdote hard to believe .
that 's nothing . one of those bastards hot wired my car and seduced my girlfriend .
lucky you . a raccoon fucked my wife .
damn russian raccoon hackers
i 'm pretty sure they do n't argue about what caused it . they know what caused it .
... i just taught my engineering class about this today ...
... i just taught my engineering class about this today ...
engineers , they are like scientists . except dumber and responsible for your safety .
yeah thankfully the 2 new narrows are big and strong
my grandfather witnessed this when he was a little kid . or so he says .
" bully me at school ? i 'll strand you in a mars prison " .
could it be that when he got up after the bullying incident , he thought to himself " that 's it , i am done with this planet " and started his long term plan to leave the earth ?
could it be that when he got up after the bullying incident , he thought to himself " that 's it , i am done with this planet " and started his long term plan to leave the earth ?
makes me wonder how people realized they could shoot something to orbit . did someone shoot an icbm and suddenly realze " oh , it 's not coming down anymore " ?
he is doing amber heard is n't he ? that 's already way beyond the top post of r prorevenge
i can totally see the soviet union starting the space race by shooting one and realizing it never came back or worse hit the moon or mars or something .
so , he realized he was in a state of both cheating and not cheating , until such time as his wife found out and collapsed the wave function ?
so , do i blame schrodinger , his mistress , the swiss , or all three for the hell that is an entire semester of just having that god damn equation thrown at me in lectures ? edit : the swiss .
so , do i blame schrodinger , his mistress , the swiss , or all three for the hell that is an entire semester of just having that god damn equation thrown at me in lectures ? edit : the swiss .
which scientific development is that ? is n't the point that the cat in a box theory was more like your drunk uncle asking what you 'd do if everyone else jumped off a bridge ? jesus christ , schr dinger changed the world sarcastically .
so what is the eponymous equation ?
not really a legend
well , there 's sodium in dasani , so it could be a little salty .
thanks for representing the whole country you little bitch
thanks for representing the whole country you little bitch
is it ? i 've been living here my whole life and i 've never heard anyone say it . unless they say it in an english accent
hey , " sex sells "
really ? ! i 've never hears that in my life
dandelion wine , interesting . what 's it taste like ?
dandelion tea is also fantastic for you
dandelion tea is also fantastic for you
well it 's because some of them are weird ... i see people regularly pick dandelions alongside famous dog piss and shit paths but for some reason they do n't care ...
grandfather makes all kinds of wine . dandelion is pretty good .
when i was a kid , we 'd help the hippies pick dandelions in the park to make wine . mom would just shake her head at least we were n't getting in trouble !
some assembly required
i came
i came
i finished
name checks out . get this man whatever reward you get for doing art . perhaps a high five
researchers believe this ascii art is the first depiction of pornographic imagery
i 'm the opposite , i grew up with seinfeld and still happily rewatch it but i could just never get into curb .
it 's funny because it 's based on how the characters react you have to give it a lot of time to know the characters first and that 's what makes the reactions funny
it 's funny because it 's based on how the characters react you have to give it a lot of time to know the characters first and that 's what makes the reactions funny
i 'm a huge fan of both , but i did n't get into seinfeld until the second time around . the first couple episodes are n't the best , but it 's all uphill after that .
i love seinfeld but i really wish it did n't have a laugh track . i still enjoy rewatching it but if i had n't seen them before not having a laugh track was popular i would struggle to get into them .
give it a chance man . seinfeld is one of the best shows of all time .
kramer : do you know what the ukraine is ? it s a sitting duck . a road apple , newman . the ukraine is weak .
when you control the mail , you control ... information .
when you control the mail , you control ... information .
kramer : what are we going to do tonight , newman ? newman : the same thing we do every night , kramer : try to take over the world . door opens jerry : . hey , did you drink all my mil newman !
i know you know but you dont know what i know !
jurassic park meets ...
perfectly reasonable , almost to the point of not really being interesting .
yeesh . this is presented as if yoko was making an unreasonable demand .
yeesh . this is presented as if yoko was making an unreasonable demand .
was he watching the football ?
unfortunately there was an abc reporter in the emergency room when lennon was brought in , he broke the story .
usually when i hear something about yoko ono its usually about her being a complete bitch . this seems somewhat nice . i dont like it .
oh , you mean the three mile island " accident " that resulted in the death of ... nobody at all , not a single person ? yes , was n't that a terrible tragedy , such a horrible disaster in which not a single person died .
that was just promotion for the movie .
that was just promotion for the movie .
hmm ... it 's almost like there was a concerted effort by someone ( big oil ! ) to make nuclear look bad .
good ol hanoi jane .
as i recall three mile island did not melt a hole through the earth to china .
" oh yea ? well i 'll make my own field of theoretical physics ! with blackjack and quantum mechanics ! "
he was a planck length away from not becoming a theoretical physicist .
he was a planck length away from not becoming a theoretical physicist .
the early 20th century . where physicists thought science was almost done . how massively wrong they where
hold my wine .
it would take a small minded person to say that everything in their field has been discovered . or he was just a lazy professor who did n't want to teach new material .
says a lot about his character that he could take his defeat and mold it into something good . good for him , and good for us .
i did n't know this until today but i hope one day they put his statue back up in new orleans . it was just a cool piece of history to drive by when going to the park .
i did n't know this until today but i hope one day they put his statue back up in new orleans . it was just a cool piece of history to drive by when going to the park .
slavery may have not been why some confederates fought , but it was the entire reason the south existed . look up the cornerstone speech by the vice president of the csa , lays it out pretty clear .
a lot of people really do n't recognize that slavery was only one part of the war , there were a lot of things that went into the confederates ' cause for rebellion .
in order to gain the upper hand against political opponents in his state . motivation is important .
little bit of obscure trivia for everybody : the corresponding music video was the first that ever aired on mtv .
to my shame , i first thought this meant the song was 1 for all that time . i thought , wow , those australians go all in when they like something !
to my shame , i first thought this meant the song was 1 for all that time . i thought , wow , those australians go all in when they like something !
the current best selling album in australia is meatloaf 's bat out of hell , followed closely by farnsey .
trevor horn who was in the duo buggles , later produced frankie goes to hollywood , grace jones and seal among others .
what blows me away about this is that it was a fun , fluffy , catchy , pop song but the guys behind it ( downes and horn ) were fully involved in the prog rock scene , playing with yes and asia .
all too true . but that doesn t mean it s right , that doesn t mean it should be swept under the rug , and it doesn t excuse the continued persecution and exploitation of the ethic groups involved to this very day .
czech republic ? :p
czech republic ? :p
maybe some small island nations .
germany ? they seem so civilized
whataboutism does n't make it any better ..
congratulations u clintmemo ! you 're now " head general supervisor of titles that look good on resumes " !
assistant to the regional manager ?
assistant to the regional manager ?
you are now a grand poobah dedoink of all of this and that , congratulations !
i love a nice set of titles .
yeahhhh my company gives me promotions all the time . it s just a title with no raise and no actual change . i just realized how good it makes me resume look
that 's what she is referring to when she says she does n't drink anymore in the manga anime .
considering she 's gender flipped in the series i assume she slept with her brother instead .
considering she 's gender flipped in the series i assume she slept with her brother instead .
slept with or made her ?
i can produce electricity bzzzt
do n't lewd the dragons !
rip . she passed away yesterday .
was n't it jack kirby who created the f4 ?
was n't it jack kirby who created the f4 ?
remember my meeting with stan lee years ago . i was young and my english skills were basically non existing . i had brought a present for his wife , gave it to him and said : " this is for your women . " he laughed and said : " there 's only one , and that 's my wife . "
people still did n't find out you can stop notifications ?
this is a nice stan lee circle jerk reddits got going .
there was a genetic bottleneck for humans after our last common ancestor with the chimp . i have read there was perhaps a few hundred humans left after this event . probably a good reason why
i guess there was a lot cousin fucking in the past .
i guess there was a lot cousin fucking in the past .
seriously , if you can spot a difference . 1 out .
because of that , ' race ' is in most many countries only considered as a construct not as a real thing .
thanks , kentucky .
r lewronggeneration . seriously though , i have a greek foot too , i 'd wear sandals and tongs all year long .
i dunno . i 'm okay with having feet that are n't considered the epitome of beauty in exchange for living in the era of antibiotics .
i dunno . i 'm okay with having feet that are n't considered the epitome of beauty in exchange for living in the era of antibiotics .
and my mom keeps telling me it 's weird ... what 's ironic is she 's the one that gave me a greek name
we should start a long toe club really
looked down at my feet , sure enough i 'm beautiful . no one has ever said i have nice feet before .
when they finally played it they heard : " is this thing even fucking working ? "
for anyone who can n't play here 's a transcript : " ckchckchacksdchc mmmmrrrmmrmrmmrmchckckhcckchkchchchcmmmmmrrmrrrmmrmmmmckcjkcjckhchkckc "
for anyone who can n't play here 's a transcript : " ckchckchacksdchc mmmmrrrmmrmrmmrmchckckhcckchkchchchcmmmmmrrmrrrmmrmmmmckcjkcjckhchkckc "
if a recording is made but there 's no way to hear it at the time , does it make a sound ?
so john malkovich went back in time to make a recording that people could n't listen to for 100 ( ) years ?
wish i could get the samples to play on my ipad ... it just sits there with a spinning circle forever . wikipedia media is garbage .
i 'm mexican and this is mostly true . observation of it however also depends on the government in turn .
is it essentially their lexington and concord ?
is it essentially their lexington and concord ?
fun fact , cinco de mayo happened in 1862 , there 's a theory that states the the french were bringing supplies to the confederate army thru mexico , the natives stopped the stinking french in puebla , thus the supply line was affected for the rebels .
this is typically news to americans ( usa not eum ) who hold the widespread misunderstanding that cinco de mayo is equivalent to the fourth of july .
i was a child of the 70s and the holiday was popular then so no , it did n't become " popular " in the 80s . maybe it became more popular but it was popular when i was a kid .
well when the term ' journalist ' comes to include buzzfeed ' reporters ' i 'm not surprised grammar is being thrown out the window .
it resolves ambiguity !
it resolves ambiguity !
it is absolutely essential in legal writing .
i feel required to use it .
i can n't trust anyone who does n't use the oxford comma
when wvu plays at home , morgantown becomes the state 's " largest city . "
they have n't had a home game that did n't sell out since 1962
they have n't had a home game that did n't sell out since 1962
it 's not a sport , it 's a religion .
" student athetes "
all i know is that , on saturdays in the fall , my address is at the corner of 5 national championship lane makovicka blvd . in memorial stadium , ne 255493 go big red
grandpas are intelligent as fuck too from my experience .
crows , too . obligatory 4chan greentext
crows , too . obligatory 4chan greentext
taught .
yea , ravens are intelligent as fuck . my grandpa once ' tamed ' a raven and learned it some tricks . every morning he would call his raven buddy and the raven would show up rapping , tapping at his chamber door . seize your opportunities .
nevermore m8
the little shit is annoying as hell no matter what language
this explains so much .
this explains so much .
that whiney little brat ! i was always waiting for grandma to paddle him .
the name is a giveaway . caillou means pebble in french .
fuck you , caillou !
an asteroid that big gives me the .. hebe jeebies budumtiss
blasted out of orbit by those god damn dirty bugs . the only good bug is a dead bug ! ! !
blasted out of orbit by those god damn dirty bugs . the only good bug is a dead bug ! ! !
40 of all the meteorites that have ever hit the earth ?
hebe is the goddess of childbirth ( or marriage ? ) in greek mythology , so ... she married heracles .
too old
someone call ashens !
is this why the mcdouble was on sale the other day ?
is this why the mcdouble was on sale the other day ?
i 'm good . thanks anyway
before you ask who . i give you steve 1989 he literally ate a civil war biscuit .
the steamboat arabia in kc has a bunch of amazingly preserved items .
" take me out to the ball game "
the canadian national anthem can be substituted with that celine dion song from titanic .
the canadian national anthem can be substituted with that celine dion song from titanic .
whenever i do something awesome i 'd love to hear the opening to land down under blasting out of nowhere
freedom is the only way , yeah !
__url__ careful what you wish for
do n't ever read about penguins , then .
it 's becuase they 're one of the few animals that has sex for fun , i 'm sure human hunter gatherers where a lot worse
it 's becuase they 're one of the few animals that has sex for fun , i 'm sure human hunter gatherers where a lot worse
you know bears like to blow each other . there 's a pair in some zoo that the little bear blew the other like 24 times in one day or some shit .
i 'm just going to post this here . pro tip : if you 're sensitive , do n't read past page 3 , and especially do n't continue past page 4 . there are ... uhm ... photos .
bonobos .
6 . do n't forget the pedal to the metal
even the hermit crabs got a turn
even the hermit crabs got a turn
ayyy lmaoo
if i understood reddit gold at all , i 'd give you some . know it 's happening in my heart .
he just wants to do hoodrat stuff with his friends .
i remember being told that was how the allies won the war in the air , using the experienced pilots to train and keeping them out of combat .
by 1944 japan had very few experienced pilots left
by 1944 japan had very few experienced pilots left
at that point in the war they had run out of experienced pilots , literally .
their experienced pilots were shot to shit over the marianas .
they were all dead by that point in the war .
you can request that google blur your house in street view . maybe the current owners did n't want gawkers looking at it now that it 's supposed to be normal ?
that is one depressing neighborhood !
that is one depressing neighborhood !
looks like someone egged their car , too .
you can n't look at the front , but here 's a 3d rendering and a geotag for ya .
looking at all the other houses , i think i can guess what it looks like . it 's like the gag on arrested development where andy richter had identical siblings , but their faces were blurred . god i hope i 'm remembering that right .
a type of gun that fires ice knives ?
oh , so like a crossbow but with knives ?
oh , so like a crossbow but with knives ?
ice knives ?
or just a guy who s really good at throwing them ?
crossbow could fire ice bolts ...
the hard part is segregating them again . pass the integers , race for tau !
what about e x you hotshot ! ?
what about e x you hotshot ! ?
yes , but something like integration by parts or partial fractions would be much more impressive . i think that 's what they 're talking about .
how about integrating x 2 between 2 and 8 ?
i do n't think op understands how mental processing works exactly
they say if you find a job you love , you 'll never work a day in your life . this is a little tougher if what you happen to love is smoking and drinking whiskey , but it can be done .
mercedes , you had me at " your mother sucks cock in hell "
mercedes , you had me at " your mother sucks cock in hell "
anyone care to explain how raw eggs and whiskey changes a person 's voice ?
never go full ' daniel day lewis ' .
on the one of the dvd releases of this , after the commentary finishes , the raw recordings of her sessions start . scared the living shite out of me !
the most perfect siri impersonation i 've ever seen . have an up vote !
you know a siri impersonation is spot on when you get frustrated reading it .
you know a siri impersonation is spot on when you get frustrated reading it .
i actually have not used siri . i assumed jobs would n't be caught dead ( pun intended ? ) using google .
which leads us here ... __url__
so ... native panda cures cancer ?
literally had a student at my school go to the wrong site . got super red faced .
individually , we are weak like a twig . but as a bundle , we form a mighty faggot .
individually , we are weak like a twig . but as a bundle , we form a mighty faggot .
sorry could you say that again without so much technical jargon ?
i never realized how easy of a mistake that could be for an illiterate .
im know i 'm not the only one that checked out hotmale.com after seeing this .
we really need to teach history a lot more in schools . if we are n't really learning from history than there 's something that must be doing very very wrong .
to go all meta on you , you have now also participated in a repetition of history . you have learned that those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it .
to go all meta on you , you have now also participated in a repetition of history . you have learned that those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it .
i wish i was taught patterns . not one single event in history or one cov . but instead patterns and which civs did them
what are some other repetition of events that you can give us ?
to quote bsg : all this has happened before . all this will happen again .
that entire album gives me chills , but no bullets fly and hearts of iron especially so
sabaton is so cool
sabaton is so cool
expected sabaton ! let 's make this a thing .
that is a amazing song
i came here to say this and then to say that i love sabaton !
damn , shitty for anyone who couldn t whistle lol .
then there was that guy who could hack phone lines just by whistling into the handset . he was the yondu of phone hacking
then there was that guy who could hack phone lines just by whistling into the handset . he was the yondu of phone hacking
soo , you the call would auto connect and you could just eavesdrop ?
i think it was george carlin who said " it 's a good think the telephone was n't invented by alexander graham siren because then your phone would n't ring , it would go off . "
and when cellphones were first invented , people had to talk loudly into them to get everyone 's attention .
it cost an arm and a leg after all .
i was prescribed medication for morning sickness when i was pregnant . obviously it was n't thalidomide since this was only about 10 years ago but i was so hesitant to take it because i just kept thinking " thalidomide " !
i was prescribed medication for morning sickness when i was pregnant . obviously it was n't thalidomide since this was only about 10 years ago but i was so hesitant to take it because i just kept thinking " thalidomide " !
i 'm still waiting to hear you say " thank you healthcare for being prohibitively expensive ! "
i took dance lessons with a little girl whose mom did . tough life .
i 'll bet she told you that every time she skipped getting you a birthday present .
i imagine this is the kind of stuff a more advanced species would write about us . edit : never in my life did i imagine my big break on reddit would be such a bland comment . you people are crazy . 3 thanks for not insisting i be creative or original .
knocking out the power , messing with hermit crabs and throwing rocks . otto sounds like a hellraiser .
knocking out the power , messing with hermit crabs and throwing rocks . otto sounds like a hellraiser .
i heard one time otto snuck out at night and stole a police cruiser , bought a case of nati light , and crashed a sorority party .
i 'm just going to assume he did the hermit juggling , rock throwing , and tank re decorating all at the same time because he has eight legs .
octopuses are damn fucking smart . they might not be social smart as we are but they have reasoning and imagination .
and many places that have the devices to read the chips have n't activated them yet for whatever reason . it 's getting to be fewer and fewer all the time , but i 'm still seeing plenty of places with signs taped over the card reader telling you to just swipe instead .
the company i work for is still a year or so away . and it 's a pretty big company . we pay out a ton of money back to banks just for not being compliant .
the company i work for is still a year or so away . and it 's a pretty big company . we pay out a ton of money back to banks just for not being compliant .
to put it in perspective , i 've been using tap to pay with my chipped mastercard debit card since early 2013 in moscow , russia . that 's right america , the giant country with an economy the size of texas had tap to pay years before apple " revolutionized " payments in the us .
costco is the fastest though . those chip readers are nearly instant if it is a credit card .
wow . i 've had a chip card since i got my first debit card in 2009 , and that 's in new zealand .
i guess its for the best they used the numeral instead of the proper prefix . i do n't think anyone could keep a straight face if they named it sexcodin
awesome ! i 've been waiting for this thread for years to ask this : . viagra . vivarin . both have " vi " and both are boosters , for lack of a better term . does the " vi " mean anything with these products or just a name ?
awesome ! i 've been waiting for this thread for years to ask this : . viagra . vivarin . both have " vi " and both are boosters , for lack of a better term . does the " vi " mean anything with these products or just a name ?
citation needed
house md !
and oxy is 15 times stronger than codeine .
gregory peck was an awesome dude .
" this movie was named after me . " roman reigns
" this movie was named after me . " roman reigns
he was n't wrong . she won her oscar for it
this is brilliant . hepburn has made some brilliant films , but this along with sabrina and breakfast at tiffany 's have to be some of my favourites .
one of my favorite movies of all time . when i went to rome i tried to visit all of the places in the movie . i have an italian poster of it .
pre order now to receive stolen treasures , courtesy of the incas and aztecs .
problem there is that it 's useless unless you trudge through that god awful dark age dlc before you can use the new features .
problem there is that it 's useless unless you trudge through that god awful dark age dlc before you can use the new features .
worried about your smell ? buy the smoke and smell pack to have a a group of natives follow you with incense to hide your stink .
probably smallpox .
it 's smallpox , is n't it ?
remember remember the 5th of ... something or other .
he s not your guy , mate
he s not your guy , mate
noone is :(
he s not your guy , dude .
he s not your guy , man .
it sounds like he started murdering at a very young age
til william bradford was the first serial killer baby .
til william bradford was the first serial killer baby .
he was sucking their life force into that excellent mustache .
so they sent him to the new world and a bunch of indians started dying .
wb also has a huge number of descendants in america , me being one of them .
can confirm , i have an asshole dog . he 's my best friend but he 's seriously sort of a dick , he eats all my food and never pays rent and just sleeps on my couch all day .
my old dog was a g o o d e g u r l e but she was kinda a racist asshole ... she 'd love to go on car rides but hated other dogs and black people ...
my old dog was a g o o d e g u r l e but she was kinda a racist asshole ... she 'd love to go on car rides but hated other dogs and black people ...
there are more asshole people than dogs . no dog ever stole my wallet on the train .
my dog is the worst . he bullies me , disembowels any soft toy we get him . his only goal in life is to cause chaos . he 's cute tho .
true , but the of assholes ratio compared to people is like night and day
makes it much harder to use documentation or software that is not written or adapted for gobolinux .
i think it is fine for a system without a package manager where you rely on the file system for software resource organization . i think modern package managers largely do away with the need for modular program directories .
i think it is fine for a system without a package manager where you rely on the file system for software resource organization . i think modern package managers largely do away with the need for modular program directories .
former gobo dev . ama .
i like the concept , but i am fundamentally against using capital letters in file names ( and the visual catastrophe that is camel case ) .
not a fan of using camelcase for your fs hierarchy . feels too much like windows and looks ugly to me . i would prefer a evolution of the fhs , not a mostly new layout . but i like their separation , might keep things a bit more clean in the long term .
i 'm hoping we get to hear about the fifth time dave chapelle met oj simpson .
so in october ... ' the juice ' will be loose
so in october ... ' the juice ' will be loose
fuck that dude . why is he still in the news at all .
sooooo another 4 months then ?
someone needs to meet him at the gates in a white bronco .
nice to hear skeletons can give a good wilhelm scream .
this is my all time favorite stop motion movie . it 's honestly as good as avatar .
this is my all time favorite stop motion movie . it 's honestly as good as avatar .
you can n't talk about good stop motion in movies and not mention one of the all time greats
similar but army of darkness for me
cgi is stop motion animation . just with computers . if you 've ever done it it 's just as frustrating and time consuming ( actually probably even more so ) .
yes they were and then the next guy was referring to tiananmen square
r jurijfederov is referring to the tiananmen square massacre , which according to the chinese government , has never happened .
r jurijfederov is referring to the tiananmen square massacre , which according to the chinese government , has never happened .
he 's referencing tiananmen square massacre .
and he was referring to the chinese crackdown on tienanmen square in 1989 .
i think he knows that
not legitimately good movies , but the national treasure films will always be how i remember him . they 're just so unapologetically fun , in spite of the nonsensical plots .
i enjoyed matchstick men
i enjoyed matchstick men
the rock was pretty awesome . i mean , as much as people joke about how terrible cage is , we all know they secretly are in love with at least one of his movies .
what about the rock ? definitely better than face off .
nobody has seen bad lieutenant for some reason . one of the best cage films out there .
i remember hearing that the heart shape may also be based on the the backside of a woman .
i read the bbc article too . silphium sounds awesome if we can figure out what it was and if it still exists
i read the bbc article too . silphium sounds awesome if we can figure out what it was and if it still exists
so silphium was also named laser . i am so mad the romans made it extinct , because if it survived today we could have a rocket and laser salad .
i always heard it was because of the shape two human hearts made when put together .
i thought it was too do with the shape of a woman 's derri re and the curves up the back , albeit from the ' doggy ' perspective . maybe i need help . who can say ?
i actually heard the same thing about kenny baker . since he did n't actually speak robot , he had to make r2 d2 ' s beeps and boops just by their sounds . he did n't actually know what he was saying .
that must have been how he learnt to speak viking in the 13th warrior .
that must have been how he learnt to speak viking in the 13th warrior .
what an unnecessarily difficult way to learn the language , if what i 'm reading from the wikipedia page is correct . so he just sounded out the words and did n't know what he was saying ?
__url__ there 's actually documentation of his process .
if i remember correctly bela lugosi had to do the same thing for dracula
i love the animals ' version of it . classic 60s look , and great example of the british invasion . __url__
huddie ledbetter ( leadbelly ) did a version in the 1930 ' s , well worth a listen as it 's more upbeat .
huddie ledbetter ( leadbelly ) did a version in the 1930 ' s , well worth a listen as it 's more upbeat .
the white buffalo 's version for sons of anarchy is amazing . __url__
picture is from dolly parton 's album she released a cover of it on it ( also on said album 9 to 5 )
doc watson 's version of it was amazing
did you see his recent prank on syria ?
the uk 's current opposition leader was nominated to " widen the discussion " , nobody thought he 'd get elected and now he 's polling at record lows and 80 of his mps voted that they have no confidence in him .
the uk 's current opposition leader was nominated to " widen the discussion " , nobody thought he 'd get elected and now he 's polling at record lows and 80 of his mps voted that they have no confidence in him .
yeah , except he did n't win 60 of the votes . or even half , for that matter ...
aw man at first i thought you were talking about stephen colbert jokingly saying he 'd run for office and backing down . :( reality sucks .
more known for being a billionaire businessman
just imagine how different the world would be with a islamic russia ? would there be a crusade into russia ? would russia have allied with the saracens ? it would certainly be interesting .
kyivan rus not russia . russia did not exist until 1547 .
kyivan rus not russia . russia did not exist until 1547 .
fun fact : rus literally means intoxication in swedish . so from our standpoint name and decision make sense .
deus hic vult !
he was not " vladimir the great of russia " , it was 700 years before russia appeared . rus is not russia .
very few countries have not participated in genocide . it 's difficult to name a country with a history which has not participated in genocide in one way or another .
yeah the roman empire is pretty cool .
yeah the roman empire is pretty cool .
username checks out
try to name one superpower at any time in history that was n't built using slave labor .
your username checks out .
they did have skulls on their hats ...
" ya hear that boys ? the germans are bad . " edit : it 's a quote from band of brothers
" ya hear that boys ? the germans are bad . " edit : it 's a quote from band of brothers
they were a bit too much .
__url__
they were baddies that you had to think twice about . they were smart baddies .
mayweather and mcgregor will do it on pay per view after their fight .
this is why i hate fighting with my brother , mom would n't settle for just hugs
this is why i hate fighting with my brother , mom would n't settle for just hugs
yugioh would be a whole different game
humans did do this : see ancient rome
it 'd make dropping a tactical nuke a lot more complicated .
how long would can you be above a 1 bac and not die ? what procedures are used to save someone in a situation like this ?
has anyone ever done the calculation to determine how much you 'd have to drink to achieve these bacs ?
has anyone ever done the calculation to determine how much you 'd have to drink to achieve these bacs ?
they sure can polish off drinks over there .
are the other 6 cases held by russia ?
my personal record for a hospital patient i 've admitted was 0.8 . they honestly were a lot more with it and pleasant that drunk than when she started to withdraw .
these are the terrible consequences of gang violence . we can all learn a lesson here .
well that escalated quickly ...
well that escalated quickly ...
funny thing is , according to them , they are n't a duo called " hall oates " . they 've never been " hall oates " . they hate " hall oates " . it 's always been daryl hall and john oates .
these guys are amazing musicians and song writers . respect . maybe not your cup of tea , but influential beyond words , and talented as covfefe .
why do they look plastic ?
okay , well , you 've got the attributes , but he 's also supposed to somehow be sexy through all that . that guy looks too derp to seduce our queen .
daario is blue haired benjen stark
daario is blue haired benjen stark
ew wtf danny ?
new look for post malone ?
well i still do n't know how he looks in the show . he seems ... different each time i see him .
these are ' theological scientists , ' understand ... none of the regular scientists could be bothered .
it 's nisan 14 on the jewish calander . this year it fell on april 11th .
it 's nisan 14 on the jewish calander . this year it fell on april 11th .
next year easter will fall on april 1th by the way .
i 'll go with the scientists on this one .
" ap ril falls . " ( for all you chip chipperson fans out there )
do they have anything like this for farts ? i 'm asking for a friend .
i learned in one of my toxicology lectures that you can test false positive for phencyclidine ( pcp ) after using dxm . interesting .
i learned in one of my toxicology lectures that you can test false positive for phencyclidine ( pcp ) after using dxm . interesting .
the not coughing is simply a side effect from unhinging your peripheral and central nervous systems from each other , aka disassociating them from each other
and its stereoisomer , levomorphan , is a potent opioid . pretty interesting molecule .
this stuff makes me hallucinate ... urgh , i prefer codeine for coughs .
especially if you have just been incinerated
you guys just dont ... get it .. do you
you guys just dont ... get it .. do you
i considered that the whole experiment can n't exist unless someone builds a platform for running on at the center of gravity . but a robot could probably do that so as not to unnecessarily risk human life .
pretty sure it 's been done
what if you eat some taco bell and start farting your way toward jupiter ?
his whole purpose is to get to mars , build world engines on it and then crash it into terry 's house
somehow i think there was also a " mark " involved .
somehow i think there was also a " mark " involved .
they bullied him so much that he went to mars just to escape them
honestly though , i do n't wanna live on mars . earth is so much more beautiful , for the foreseeable future anyway .
john oliver ... is that you ! ?
fear of premature death but was n't wearing his seatbelt ... genius ...
fear confirmed
fear confirmed
i 'm 29 and have never learned to drive ...
well you can n't say he was n't in the right to fear cars
if he was fearing he would wear his seatbelt . he didnt . i call bs for hype and record sales
so does montreal . it gets a bit chilly sometimes so it 's easier to live mostly underground during the winter . we 're mole people , essentially .
calgary has a plus 15 system as well , most of the major towers and shopping areas are connect to each other . not sure how big it is but its the best part of downtown . __url__ edit : added map
calgary has a plus 15 system as well , most of the major towers and shopping areas are connect to each other . not sure how big it is but its the best part of downtown . __url__ edit : added map
interesting they include chicago 's pedway . do all arcology models smell constantly of stale urine , then ?
i do n't think there are any residences down there . also , lots of gay dudes fucking in the bathrooms .
arcology ?
i do n't know what the fuck i was expecting when i clicked on that .
god dammit
god dammit
wew , did it get really hot in here all of a sudden ?
son of a bitch
it took me way too clicks thru comments to find this
you just punched me right in the childhood , bruh .
brian jacques introduced me to so many different foods and drinks
brian jacques introduced me to so many different foods and drinks
for redwall !
i thought the badgers spoke normally , and it was the moles with all the oi inflections ? conveniently enough the holiday still has me at my parents ' house with all my ild redwall books ...
i came here specifically to see a red wall comment
no need to question anymore , you were just given the answers .
42
42
i came out of lurk mode just for this .
so you had it figured out before this eh ?
remember everyone here is a robot :)
boneitis ? that 's a funny name for a horrible disease
crrraaackkkrrrackackkkckkkk
crrraaackkkrrrackackkkckkkk
gutsy quote . you 're a shark . sharks are winners , and they do n't look back because they have no necks .
there it is .
i recently got into futurama like a few days ago and just watched the episode yesterday . you have no idea how surprised and great i felt when i understood the reference . i expect to receive a lot of upvotes to make feel good .
you will have a hard time finding major brands from that time that still exist today that did n't collaborate with the nazis ...
well , some of the nazis may have been gay and pressed into service . do you really expect them to go marching about europe without marvelous bags ? ! edit : slight bit of theft on my part from mr . izzard .
well , some of the nazis may have been gay and pressed into service . do you really expect them to go marching about europe without marvelous bags ? ! edit : slight bit of theft on my part from mr . izzard .
in english the word " collaborator " is used very carefully .
many companies did . we live in a capitalistic world . henry for was all up in that shit .
that 's why i do n't buy the stuff they make . not because it is stupidly expensive .
meanwhile in america ( and i 'm like 50 sure it can go a little lower )
no is because russian bias brings great joy ) ) )
no is because russian bias brings great joy ) ) )
can we be friends ? :d
god damn kv 1s in wot
i 'm stealing this .
how on earth is that possible ? and for him not to have died ?
i could n't even drink 10 bottles of water a day , what the fuck ?
i could n't even drink 10 bottles of water a day , what the fuck ?
that 's what it takes to inspire springfield 's 1 beer brand .
when slash does some thing he commits 100 .
he did not drink 10 bottles of wine a day . the fact that just that ammount of extra liquid would be dangerous that 's well over 6000 calories a day from wine alone . unless you claim he was a raging alcoholic and also an onlympic level athlete he would be a tub of lard by now .
ii . 2.3 ( bar of athictus right of the door ) 8442 : i screwed the barmaid holy shit
the word square cracked me up . shitposting , indeed . r o m a o m a
the word square cracked me up . shitposting , indeed . r o m a o m a
" lesbianus , you defecate and you write , hello , everyone ! " hah , not only were they shitposters , but they also called each other out on shitposting as well !
gaius and aulus sound like righteous bros .
those were hilarious .
well if she had a baby , i 'm fairly sure someone else discovered that before
" what 's everyone looking at ? mary is the only one who can pop out a magic baby no questions asked ? ya know what forget i quit . "
" what 's everyone looking at ? mary is the only one who can pop out a magic baby no questions asked ? ya know what forget i quit . "
at least she did n't have an immaculate misconception .
yeah , but who was the father ? how badass do you have to be to fuck a pope ?
she also 100 , never existed .
its still masturbation but some would consider masturbation a kind of hand fucking . so you 're still fuckin the eel .
good luck using this defense in court . pretty sure if you " masturbated " using some non sexual body part of a female , you 'd still get charged with rape .
good luck using this defense in court . pretty sure if you " masturbated " using some non sexual body part of a female , you 'd still get charged with rape .
it 's more like dry wet humping an eel really .
well , if you moved someone else 's hand on your dick , and started jerking yourself with it , is that a handjob or are you beating your meat ?
this man is correct .
some people just love wearing robes .
this is one of those things that begs for context . in the 1920 ' s , when black was first entering politics , the kkk was at it 's peak . 15 of the entire population of the us was in the kkk . also , the clan at this point was more of a fraternal organization .
this is one of those things that begs for context . in the 1920 ' s , when black was first entering politics , the kkk was at it 's peak . 15 of the entire population of the us was in the kkk . also , the clan at this point was more of a fraternal organization .
he was a member , but the fact that he publicly renounced his previous allegiance , as well as voting in against what the klan stood for , would point to the direction that he has repented and wished to make amends .
did n't president wilson show a film made by the kkk at the white house .
hugo " black " .
major major ?
marcia marcia marcia !
marcia marcia marcia !
or as he 's better known , eminem .
when i was in the usn , i knew a guy with the rank of seaman whose last name was seaman . seaman seaman .
good thing dick armey never held that position .
til that at the end of titanic the boat sinks .
you sir , are a dickhole
you sir , are a dickhole
i was just on my way to see it you dick .
anakin was also miraculously conceived having no father . most think his father is actually palpatine using his sith powers to induce pregnancy .
yeah but who 's anakin 's daddy ? spoiler : george lucas
ask your medieval grandma
rule of thumb is that a mid range hooker is about 1 2 days wages for the average worker .
rule of thumb is that a mid range hooker is about 1 2 days wages for the average worker .
i guarantee there are historical records about that if you really want to know .
less than one . back then a pound was 240 pence , and even the penny had half pence . so a pound could be considered made up of 480 sub units . only rich people really dealt in actual pounds .
a whole pound ! you could rent out the whorehouse for that much
christmas season starts really early nowadays
someone wants to get linked to r theydidthemath .
someone wants to get linked to r theydidthemath .
no , you call shenanigans here bamboozling is a mot du jour here on reddit , stop throwing it around just to feel included
i do n't know about where you live . but christmas season definitely starts to slowly set in at least 35 days before christmas where i live . and then sometimes a few days after .
no . they overlap . shudder
why would raw eggs make her voice rough ?
that could be heathy . sorta .
that could be heathy . sorta .
trying to build up your shoulders , chest , arms , and ... legs ? such an effort .
do n't forget talking like a demon .
you sucking ?
it was the gods attempting to stop production of that horrible movie .
i was so sad nobody could talk about that movie beyond the religious angle . it was a good movie , but non religious people wanted to hate the " religious movie " while religious people did n't like that they took liberties with the story .
i was so sad nobody could talk about that movie beyond the religious angle . it was a good movie , but non religious people wanted to hate the " religious movie " while religious people did n't like that they took liberties with the story .
til reddit hates noah , but likes warcraft and power rangers
shame it was shite .
what a crap movie . dad leaves his son 's new gf to die , so when all is said and done , the poor son has no mate . so he just fucks off alone . i would too . fuck that family .
you 're welcome to donate to your local shelters .
cool username , friendo
cool username , friendo
bro , there are literally millions of strays and feral dogs and cats out there in bum fuck nowhere usa . the fuck do you want them to do when they have no more room for un adoptable animals ?
i think it 's much more humane to put an unadoptable animal to sleep rather than have it live out its days in a shelter
it 's not like we consider it a fun recreational activity .
the similarities are obvious , it 's totally copyright infringement . but i would still have been upset if jackie gleason had sued , because i loved the flintstones as a kid !
same reason jimmy kimmel has n't sued summer 's eve ?
same reason jimmy kimmel has n't sued summer 's eve ?
simpson s said it best
no lawyer would say that .
man gleason is an asshole .
sure alex jones , just like that . how s the pedophile colony on the moon ?
so gun lovers keep guns at home in case there is a civil war with the government ? please explain
so gun lovers keep guns at home in case there is a civil war with the government ? please explain
citation needed .
three guesses how we instantly know this is a russian troll commenter .
sounds like the patriot act
presumably not by chasing them across them though
there is a danish movie about this , how some prisoners of war were forced to removed land mines at the coast of jutland . it was a bit controversial , because it was ' kids ' ( 17 19 years ) that did n't volunteer to the war bit were forced and captured ..
there is a danish movie about this , how some prisoners of war were forced to removed land mines at the coast of jutland . it was a bit controversial , because it was ' kids ' ( 17 19 years ) that did n't volunteer to the war bit were forced and captured ..
with tools , though
but not by walking on them .
play stupid games , win stupid prizes .
you 'd be dumb not to accept a 55 penny for face value ...
no the pounds now look nothing like this , most shops would just think youre giving them something else
no the pounds now look nothing like this , most shops would just think youre giving them something else
no , not anymore .
no
only if you say with your best scottish accent " excuse me sir , i think you 'll find that 's legal tender "
wtf
what the fuck is wrong with you ! i was trying to see dolphins raping fish not humans raping fish ... youre sick .
what the fuck is wrong with you ! i was trying to see dolphins raping fish not humans raping fish ... youre sick .
ok , i 've seen enough for one day .
10 in the morning and i 've already had enough reddit for the day
ok wow
how did people not realize that bernie madoff was running a ponzi scheme in the first place ? he was running the financial equivalent of a . 990 batting average
what a shame . what can we do to stop this jew on jew violence ?
what a shame . what can we do to stop this jew on jew violence ?
can someone explain in simple terms what the madoff ponzi scheme was ?
only the government is allowed to run a ponzi scheme .
so did my family and i
that 's so dope
impossible . tupac is still alive . fake news .
impossible . tupac is still alive . fake news .
no , that 's the ivory
everyone knows tupac is chilling on the fake moonlanding set with hitler and walt disney
that sounds like the lyrics to one of his overly violent songs written about what he would do to biggie .. " first i 'll kill you then me and my boys will smoke yo ashes , bitch ! "
it was an abbreviation for hotmale.com
hyper text markup language
hyper text markup language
so did i lol
my ex wife hired a lawyer that used a hotmail email for all correspondence including legal docs ... which made me immediately judge her competence and abilities . my judgment was very correct .
my old email for msn was death stix html.com i thought i was being clever by abbreviating it ... ' email address unverified ' on msn messenger for years .
" now you think ronald mcdonald gonna go down in that basement and say , " hey , mr . nugget , you the bomb . we sellin ' chicken faster than you can tear the bone out . so i 'm gonna write my clowny ass name on this fat ass check for you " ?
__url__ so wallace and d'angelo were both wrong .
__url__ so wallace and d'angelo were both wrong .
good guy scientist shares chicken nuggets with everyone .
it 's always curious to me as to why people like that do n't at least apply for a patent pending applicat before they publish their work .
i love to dip them in habanero ranch sauce .
from what i read they have damn good shot this weekend . actually , from what people are saying they should be like half a second in front of everyone and be uncontested so i 'm interested to see if that 's correct .
i also did the quiz yesterday .
i also did the quiz yesterday .
was just reading this in fact , interesting piece on how alonso could 've won in 2012 : __url__ tl d r if he 'd stayed out one more lap before his final stop .
i find that hard to believe .
now is the time to do it .
that 's actually a pretty popular idea among gun control advocates .
r nowttyg
r nowttyg
i heard some one on npr to day say the only reasonable way to prevent this type of mass shooting is to repeal the 2nd amendment . which i fully support
it 's perfectly legal to own a gun in the uk , as long as it 's appropriately licensed . now those licenses are pretty hard to justify and are very rigidly enforced , but nevertheless it 's not as difficult to get a gun here as people in the us seem to think .
so many people are suggesting that , dude .
stupid sexy flanders
super curious how he did it back then . i would have a hard time today , let alone with his limited tech machinery .
super curious how he did it back then . i would have a hard time today , let alone with his limited tech machinery .
300 years ago he knew that suction did n't suck and we still use the term today to describe delta p .
should have attached it to a fixed object and had the horses all pull the same direction
i love this story . you can see it actually happening in a really cool series called " connections . " check your library for the dvds . they are worth it .
das einzige wort , das mich irritierte , war foil . ich habe alle anderen w rter au er steadyseller irgendwo mal geh rt aber f r eine powerpoint folie wird entweder folie oder slide gesagt . eher slide sogar . ist das jetzt ein regionaler anglizismus ?
wusste nicht , dass das wort " box " ein anglizismus ist .
wusste nicht , dass das wort " box " ein anglizismus ist .
angeblich triggert cutter der begriff " cutter " ganz ordentlich .
wo ist mein handy , ich hab mein handy verloren ! oh !
" bodybag " ist wirklich eine glanzleistung der werbeabteilung .
as well as a ton of other people 's inventions .
apparently not his salt and shade
apparently not his salt and shade
you 're an idiot .
cry me a river . maybe for all his supposed genius , tesla should 've studied a business textbook or two .
that 's not theft , that 's business .
it works , too . have you ever tried masturbating with corn flakes ?
til this is another fact that some schmohawk learns every day , so it gets posted every fucking day .
til this is another fact that some schmohawk learns every day , so it gets posted every fucking day .
apparently he was a practitioner of sylvester graham , inventor or the graham cracker , who also believed that diet masturbation lead to blindness and an early death .
i 've been a vegetarian for 40 years and i can verify it works . i get laid almost every night and hardly ever have to masturbate .
it all makes sense now .
super green ! how did they get the back and front ?
tangential question : why is he named edward the first when he came after edward the confessor ? is it because edward the confessor was anglo saxon ? or just not plantagenet ?
tangential question : why is he named edward the first when he came after edward the confessor ? is it because edward the confessor was anglo saxon ? or just not plantagenet ?
for those wondering how the letters translate my best guess is edw r angl dns hyb edward rex angland dominus hybernia edit : angliae and hyberniae edward king england lord ireland angland as in angles and saxons , hybernia hibernia being an ancient name for ireland
is that old english ? it looks just like the latin i do in school
would it still be an accepted currency ?
it 's not a religious movement , it 's the lack of religion . atheism is a religion like not collecting stamps is a hobby
i 'm surprised 6 billion people identify with a religion . that 's amazing .
i 'm surprised 6 billion people identify with a religion . that 's amazing .
" let 's bundle four different ideologies together to make the super category look huge . "
thank god .
the irony ... it 's the 1st on the list of people who practice what they preach .
this story just gets wilder by the sentence
only the cool redditors who know what comment chains to explore get this far down .
only the cool redditors who know what comment chains to explore get this far down .
i feel like you 're just adlibbing at this point .
while i think the above comment is in poor taste , i have to ask he was gay , and he got aids from a blood transfusion ? damn !
hey , you 're ruining the joke .
similarly , snowmobiles were invented after the inventor 's son died because he could n't be take to a hospital due to snowbound roads .
he was also a portrait painter . odds are if there 's a portrait of eli whitney in your history book , it was the one that morse painted .
he was also a portrait painter . odds are if there 's a portrait of eli whitney in your history book , it was the one that morse painted .
i normally tell my wife that most inventions ideas appear because someone needed wanted something he couldn t find in the world market . this is another great example .
the war of 1864 was especially known for that .
being really hacked off moves our civilisation forward more than we could imagine .
subchaser , not a submarine . huge difference .
why do i picture him acting just like zapp brannigan ?
why do i picture him acting just like zapp brannigan ?
not a submarine . although he did unload explosives into the sea attempting to hit an enemy submarine that he believed was there . there was no evidence of this , and the readings he probably misinterpreted were likely fish or rocks .
he did n't command a submarine . he commanded a submarine hunter . are people too fucking stupid to actually read the articles they link ?
would " substandard " on a sub just be considered standard ?
live . com ? i somehow had the foresight to snag hotmail . no , live . no msn . com but for some reason not live . com ...
i have one of those too ... makes me feel exclusive and special haha
i have one of those too ... makes me feel exclusive and special haha
they still use those i 'm pretty sure . it 's the only way to log into skype
my mom has an live account she still uses and i had one a while back , too . i have a hotmail and outlook account as well . had no clue they were considered " old " or " uncool " or whatever . i 'm only 20 .
they still do
puts the secret service in a bit of a pickle . " damn , these reds can really put it down . hold is feet , johnson ! stop kicking , mr . president ! "
i 'm pretty sure yeltsin could handle himself . he is russian elite , that is a tough crowd however you shake it .
i 'm pretty sure yeltsin could handle himself . he is russian elite , that is a tough crowd however you shake it .
lol i 'm just picturing a stumbling drunk dude surrounded by serious people in suits n sunglasses n shit . man he 'd could talk shit to anyone in a bar and get away with it .
do you think the secret service were shadowing him but not interfering the whole time ?
i imagine his russian bodyguards just told the secret service that they have it under control , and that it 's not a situation that they have n't handled before ... or the secret service were far too busy trying to hide clinton 's philadering at the same time .
i 'm a kidney donor and this was my first thought .
if you donated a kidney , you had two good ones .
if you donated a kidney , you had two good ones .
as the recipient of a kidney transplant ( thanks mike ! ) i can only say i will kill you all in your sleep ! evil kidneys rule !
well , are you impish or admirable ?
if the next day you murdered your whole family you probably gave the wrong one .
also 100 of people who do n't consume dihydrogen monoxide end up dead .
100 of people who inhale dihydrogen monoxide end up dead too .
100 of people who inhale dihydrogen monoxide end up dead too .
penn and teller beat you to it .
fact
water you talking about ?
so you win the battle but loose the war ?
you 're going to die anyway , might as well be in a grizzly bear fight .
you 're going to die anyway , might as well be in a grizzly bear fight .
glory is eternal
but the legacy is one of stupidity , no one will remember that you won , just that you died because you decided to go hand to hand against a grizzly .
but he does n't get bragging rights or bar stories . " man did i ever tell you about the time i beat a grizzly bear in a fistfight ... ? " " what ? ! no ! "
those are terry benedict 's casinos ...
my words exactly elliot gould
my words exactly elliot gould
yeah i marathoned a while ago and he was pretty ok . but am emmy for that performance is hilarious 118 110 bruce willis
i think elliott gould is the thumbnail for the wiki article .
yeah ... it was pretty much bruce willis playing bruce willis .
well , some beavers are fishy .
these cows apparently like fish . they made this beaver their leader .
these cows apparently like fish . they made this beaver their leader .
beaver should not be reserved to being eaten only on one day . beaver should be eaten as often as possible . hell , maybe even multiple times a say !
the same with puffins
makes me wonder what they 'd taste like but i 'd never want to kill one
no , they 're not doing " the same thing " . what about this is the same ? they 're not making a totalitarian style takeover of the country . they 're asking for policy reform . literally none of them are saying " repeal the second amendment " either . stop lying .
because a piece of metal that fires a smaller piece of metal is your template for liberty ? grow the fuck up .
because a piece of metal that fires a smaller piece of metal is your template for liberty ? grow the fuck up .
citation needed .
you do know that the nazis actually substantially decreased gun control after they took power , right ? almost as if some random rednecks with guns dont matter if you have an actual military behind you and want to install a dictatorship .
gooooooooo fuck yourself
on the contrary it is the most superior purest white milk you can buy , produced by the master race of anglo aryan mountain cows .
that sounds dairy
that sounds dairy
no more so than bc 's own homo milk
do you think so ? i guess i better not show you where the lemonade is made ... sweet lemonade
i 'm in .
today they are used as punishments for eating too much .
that 's a very poorly written article . in the section before , they discuss treadmills being used in antiquity as a power source , using both animals and humans . then , all of a sudden , the treadmill was invented in 1818 .
that 's a very poorly written article . in the section before , they discuss treadmills being used in antiquity as a power source , using both animals and humans . then , all of a sudden , the treadmill was invented in 1818 .
i did n't read the article , but would it be hard to have inmate pedal on a generator that hooks up to a power grid ? that way if your feeding them you can at least harness their energy ?
now they are used as clothes hangers
make them a punishment with an incentive . have a generator attached to each one , and they have to make x amount of power in order to watch tv , or have working lights .
i 'd regret the fuck out of that
what if you 're 110 and died from too many orgasms demanded by your 23yo bride ?
what if you 're 110 and died from too many orgasms demanded by your 23yo bride ?
__url__
regret if i die losing , but no regret if i indeed win but later die of my wounds .
if you die after a fight , you can n't really call it " beating " your opponent .
clicked this post just to make sure someone had this . well done .
yes ! i learned what 20,000 leagues under the sea meant from snl in 1994 . what could phil hartman not do ...
yes ! i learned what 20,000 leagues under the sea meant from snl in 1994 . what could phil hartman not do ...
wow , it 's been like 20,000 leagues since i last saw this sketch .
i immediately thought of this and looked for someone posting the link . well done .
" where could such a monstrous beast have come from ? ! " " i know captain ... " " shut up ! ! ! give me your harpoon ! " and then he smacks phil hartman with the harpoon and hands it back to him . i 'm laughing way too much at this .
soup and a sandwich that 's a meal !
chicken gumbo , matzo ball , or mushroom barley . those are very hardy soups . but not consomm .
chicken gumbo , matzo ball , or mushroom barley . those are very hardy soups . but not consomm .
what about a muffin ? you know a muffin can be very filling .
no soup for you !
depends on the soup . pho soup is a meal .
the patriot act completely shits on the constitution , all the government has to do is label you as a " terrorist " and all your rights poof gone .
__url__
__url__
and yet we remember lincoln fondly .
tell that to the guys in guantanamo for the last 15 years . shit we have extrajudicially killed our own americans abroad in the name of terrorism .
what about gitmo ?
" if you can n't dazzle them with brilliance , baffle them with bullshit . " ... extreme edition , i guess .
it 's like a ddos attack of stupidity .
it 's like a ddos attack of stupidity .
well , politicians have been doing it since day one . it 's usually called being full of shit .
the technique was developed almost 6,000 years ago during a debate between a caveman and a brontosaurus .
when i 'm engaged in an argument on here with someone who does this i just take the most retarded thing that they claimed and i stick with it doggedly refusing to change the topic no matter how hard they try . i just stay focussed and in that zone so they can n't get away .
this needed an up vote because ... samurai pizza cats . lol ! that show had so many references and puns it was insane .
show had such a rockin intro
show had such a rockin intro
who do you call when you want some pepperoni ?
i run an anime club as part of my job for a middle school and i showed them samurai pizza cats once . they all hated it . too meta . they did n't know what meta meant but they kept complaining that the characters were talking about their own show too much . i was disappoint .
best cartoon about cats who were samurai that delivered pizza ever ! did they deliver pizza ? i think they did , unless my memory has faded .
i thought it was a joke because the horse falls down the opposite direction of the punch lol
arnold swartzeneggar actually knocked out a camel in conan the barbarian .
arnold swartzeneggar actually knocked out a camel in conan the barbarian .
it was also the first movie to have an audible fart
blazing saddles is forever ruined for me because of the use of nevermind that shit here comes mongo in botchamania
carl reiner confirmed that recently on larry wilmore 's podcast
steve buscemi 9 11 firefighter
first time i 've seen it . i 'd imagine the people that share it had n't known before as well . unless of course , they 're only in it for the karma .
first time i 've seen it . i 'd imagine the people that share it had n't known before as well . unless of course , they 're only in it for the karma .
as someone who only comes here twice a week , and really only goes to the first two pages there are some posts i miss . i 've seen this one a few times , but there are a few i miss that everyone calls out for being a steve buscemi firefighter .
maybe they have n't seen it before . __url__
first time i 've ever seen it . one thing i have n't seen on reddit is a new ( to me ) piece of info without somebody in the comments whining about re posts .
iirc ashton kutcher tried to replicate his diet but had to stop due to the development of pancreatic issues .
i did the fruitarian thing for ten days a while back to see what it was like . i was euphoric most of the time , but had horrible bo . edit : wow , protip ladies and gentleman : if you want to draw the world 's nutritional experts onto reddit , make a comment about fruitarianism !
i did the fruitarian thing for ten days a while back to see what it was like . i was euphoric most of the time , but had horrible bo . edit : wow , protip ladies and gentleman : if you want to draw the world 's nutritional experts onto reddit , make a comment about fruitarianism !
it 's almost as if he was n't the genius people make him out to be !
if only gwyneth paltrow stickers were available
" hey dude , you smell like shit . " " no i do n't , i only eat fruit . " " oh , okay then . "
imagine if aliens got the song and sampled it and then the aliens made there own rocking song . then got super rich and famous in their alien world ... but then the surviving beatles members come along and sue them and get that space money and space babes .
come human . it 's to learn about our copyright laws .
come human . it 's to learn about our copyright laws .
women are from venus , lawyers are from uranus .
there 's a series where something like this happens , where aliens have been stealing all of our music , and in a lawsuit , earth becomes rich on a galactic scale . i can n't remember much more than that , except that things escalate rather fast .
i fucking hate humans .
that 's said in the movie road trip
not if you 're hiking through the mountains and there 's a trail or two to the top , and then there 's just straight up from wherever you 're standing . remind me not to try that again .
not if you 're hiking through the mountains and there 's a trail or two to the top , and then there 's just straight up from wherever you 're standing . remind me not to try that again .
unless " the way " is through somebody else 's backyard
all though my case is a extreme minority . where i live i can cut through a military base and shave off a couple of minutes while my friends have to go around
you need a smarter good friend
i wonder what kind of republic you 'd have if this kind of company did that .
guatemala also sends its regards . __url__
guatemala also sends its regards . __url__
here 's an interesting video on the topic from sam o'nella academy .
you forgot to mention the us government helped .
and in 2009 the united states once again backed an illegal coup against the democratically elected government , supporting a military dictatorship that murdered thousands in the following years . this type of intervention in foreign affairs is still going on .
i want to see him narrate an audiobook
it 's a pretty good song but i think he is more impressive in vegas by bad meets evil
it 's a pretty good song but i think he is more impressive in vegas by bad meets evil
rick and morty rap god
he 's a lyrical genius
he needs some metamucil for the verbal diarrhoea .
i quoted this in an environmental science class once . the professor was not amused . edit : to clarify this was after listening to the professor in question rant about over population throughout the semester . i also was not amused .
tl d r ?
tl d r ?
swift was a true visionary
it 's like the first dead baby joke .
wow fuckin a man .
shampoo is a soap , designed to strip the oils and dirt from your skin hair . conditioner is oils to replace that which was lost .
fuck that hurt later . i thought my hand gave me gonorrhea .
fuck that hurt later . i thought my hand gave me gonorrhea .
til . it never even crossed my mind to try .
hmm i must have some tough skin because i have jerked it using dish soap and no pain or drying of skin or anything so . . . yeah shampoo is nothing compared to that .
you masturbate with conditioner ? most people masturbate with their hand ... you americans and your lube .
the article says that all those provisions were found unconstitutional by the supreme court a long time ago . it 's not actually illegal anywhere in the us .
this would be overturned if someone could bring a case that has standing . someone in one of these states has to come out as an atheist . it will happen .
this would be overturned if someone could bring a case that has standing . someone in one of these states has to come out as an atheist . it will happen .
because they eat babies and put curses on everyone . clearly they are n't moral enough to lead god 's country ... s
i 'm assuming these are those archaic non enforced laws . like it 's punishable by jail to throw peanut shells on a sidewalk in my town
realistically you have to be a christian to get elected to any high office
" and then came a sound , distant first it grew into castrophany so immense it could be heard far away in space there were no screams , there was no time the mountain called monkey had spoken , there was only fire and then , nothing "
sailors 64km away had their eardrums ruptured , shiiiit
sailors 64km away had their eardrums ruptured , shiiiit
what ?
the real shot heard round the world .
rip anyone within 100 miles
and argentina and iran and the dominican republic and bolivia ...
are we gonna have another thread for every dummy dictator america forced in ? still , it 's good that more people are hearing about this .
are we gonna have another thread for every dummy dictator america forced in ? still , it 's good that more people are hearing about this .
yeah but just think how much we saved on baby back ribs .
the kicker is that pinochet enjoyed a higher approval rating than allende when all was said and done lol
well , duh . their ideology threatened our market access .
holy shit hahahaha that poor fucking frog
that 's how you get warts
that 's how you get warts
i am seriously shocked and appalled . that is just disturbing .
nature , sometimes you are the ape , sometimes you are the frog .
i was just about to post that ... lol
short answer : draft . texas , loaded to the max had 9m of the ship underwater . any closer , and the ship would have run aground .
eli 5 : if i recall my high school ballistics correctly 45 degrees is the optimal elevation for distance , so why were the ships guns designed so that you needed to flood the torpedo tubes to achieve this ?
eli 5 : if i recall my high school ballistics correctly 45 degrees is the optimal elevation for distance , so why were the ships guns designed so that you needed to flood the torpedo tubes to achieve this ?
holy smokes ... i remember that old post .
stuff and things man ... stuuuuff n things
too close to the ground underwater or perhaps too close to cause a minor roadblock ( waterblock ? ) during operations . unsure really . prolly too shallow though .
recoil from a live round will be significantly greater than that of a blank round . so if the shooter is familiar with the weapon , he 'll know .
i want to see firing squads replaced with an elaborate rube goldberg machine that triggers the rifle at the end .
i want to see firing squads replaced with an elaborate rube goldberg machine that triggers the rifle at the end .
til the term one but all .
anyone that 's fired a rifle can tell the difference between firing a blank and firing a real round . the real round has so much more force and kickback .
one but all is a wild expression
whenever you type a comma in a sentence , put a space behind it .
the power of vag
the power of vag
i have a 2000 porsche boxster . porsche people do n't consider my boxster a real porsche , so i love telling late model carrera owners they have a nice volkswagen never gets old .
commas are typed like so : shit , title .
yes basically volkswagen is for cars what nestle is for waterbottles
perhaps because of things like casual battle ram attacks
kids back then were much more handy
kids back then were much more handy
well , eventually sure .
yeah without computers they had more time to learn crafts
like diying a treehouse or some hardwood floors ?
resistance to oppression comes in many forms .
thats just plain evil .
thats just plain evil .
hell hath no fury like a woman imprisoned in a concentration camp .
if anyone would like to learn more about ravensbruck an excellent book was written about the camp : ravensbruck : life and death in hitler 's concentration camp for women by sarah helm .
the prisoners used to disable the fuses in artillery shells too . i recall that there was an inspection process and they figured out how to beat it . saved a lot of troopers
iirc , winston churchill visited the us during prohibition and was prescribed not less than a pint of whisky per day . what a great man .
there were also dried grape bricks sold with clear instructions how to mix it with water and not let it ferment for 21 days in a cool dark place .
there were also dried grape bricks sold with clear instructions how to mix it with water and not let it ferment for 21 days in a cool dark place .
this was for established alcoholics who would otherwise go into dts , seeing elephants and other shit .
huh ... maybe we could learn from the past and use it to influence our decisions in the present ?
til people still compare weed with alcohol .
yep . it 's sad that people do n't know about tesla inventing teleportation .
or bob 's burgers
or bob 's burgers
nope . young einstein .
that was a great documentary
or the dollop podcast
i never double dip .
remember jerry , it 's not a lie ... if you believe it
remember jerry , it 's not a lie ... if you believe it
and to never stop short
george convinced me to never ask for ice in my drinks .
" gimme that waavve ! "
no , he means if you want to drive in germany , you can n't have a dog . classic oxford comma moment . " dogs are not allowed , to drive in germany . " edit : i know what an oxford comma is . apparently im just bad at setting strangers on the internet up for jokes . lmao .
it 's not that they 're not allowed , per say , at least , not on the grounds of being dogs . it 's just that nobody 's managed to train one well enough to pass the licensing exams yet .
it 's not that they 're not allowed , per say , at least , not on the grounds of being dogs . it 's just that nobody 's managed to train one well enough to pass the licensing exams yet .
actually they just need a haushundlenkberechtigung and need to sign up for the verkehrszentralregister . there 's a lot of paperwork involved , so most people do n't bother .
not one has passed a licensing exam thus far , but they keep trying .
you need an opposable thumb for a firm grip of the steering wheel so you are always in full control of your car . intelligence is apparently not so much of an requirement .
o . o da fuck ? we call it rape seed oil n the uk and nobody makes a big deal out of it
here in california " canola " has become so undesirable that i 've actually put " rapeseed " on menus , to avoid using " canola . " i have never met anyone even 30 as amused as i am by this .
here in california " canola " has become so undesirable that i 've actually put " rapeseed " on menus , to avoid using " canola . " i have never met anyone even 30 as amused as i am by this .
there 's some area in canada ( ? ) with the motto " the land of rape and honey " .
puts on best richard lewis voice good change ! that 's a good change !
rape seed oil canada oil canola
yes and yes
yes he did . unlike what most of the other people are saying in here it was the transplant he did not want to have done . he believed the surgery to be invasive and felt it unnatural to have others people 's hands inside of him .
yes he did . unlike what most of the other people are saying in here it was the transplant he did not want to have done . he believed the surgery to be invasive and felt it unnatural to have others people 's hands inside of him .
i think he bought a house in an area with a shorter waiting list , too .
to be fair he did live like 6 or 7 years after his whipple transplant .
money talks , liver walks
til : it now cost 2,350 to renounce your us citizenship . __url__ til : canada only charges 75 ( canadian ) to renounce its citizenship .
what would be the advantage of this ?
what would be the advantage of this ?
people can also commit suicide at any time , rendering themselves lifeless . currently , i see no advantage in that condition .
so does this mean i am a walking tax exemption ?
krakozhia !
i do n't recall ever being offered pepsi on a flight .
well yeah , you do n't want to accidentally solve a protest , or racism or something , right ?
well yeah , you do n't want to accidentally solve a protest , or racism or something , right ?
haha , nice burn
he wanted to drink it . so why would pepsi figure in the mix ?
i 'm not sure i believe much of this . when did he fly on commercial flights ? he 'd sold so many records by the time he was of drinking age , i 'd have assumed it was all chartered or private jets from that point on .
poor zaza , only starter whos not a captain . edit : spelling
how the warriors greet each other
how the warriors greet each other
does anyone know what defines a player as " captain " ?
do teams even have captains in nba ?
i honestly do n't know if this is true or not , but i would love to see nba teams assign the c to a player like they do in hockey and take it as seriously as they do .
til that because someone is born in another country , they can n't be iconic to america , where they live and work .
he identifies as australian
he identifies as australian
that would make the best episode of fightin ' around the world .
show me new zealand on a map .
i 'm sure he and al qaeda would have had a good laugh about their mistake before they released him . years later they 'd still keep in touch .
damn , we missed out on a whole lotta octopus puns .
i 'm assuming everyone would have nipples on there suits like in batman and robin .
i 'm assuming everyone would have nipples on there suits like in batman and robin .
we missed out . simple as that .
" spida mahn , you really oct to stay out of my way ! hyahh hyahh hyahh !
i 'm okay with that never happening
damn he ded . sounds like a hell of a guy to hang out with .
this sounds right , considering everything i know about the world of snooker . of course , everything i 've learned about the world of snooker , i learned from mitchell and webb .
this sounds right , considering everything i know about the world of snooker . of course , everything i 've learned about the world of snooker , i learned from mitchell and webb .
i want to see him go up against wade boggs
! 43 . how strong were the pints ? does it matter ? 43 . my blader hurts thinking about that much liquid . 43 !
til you can survive 43 pints of lager ...
he 's already got a pi digging through his trash and a lawsuit on it 's way .
oh stfu . comments like this only add to people 's fears and prevent the exchange of actual information about these people .
oh stfu . comments like this only add to people 's fears and prevent the exchange of actual information about these people .
they will fly spaceship dc 10 ' s into volcanos and detonate nukes to ensure tortured soul pieces do n't attack them .
piss on them instead
why ? sea org are just a bunch of bullies . fuck them .
second til : the catfish is not actually true cats at all and is more closely related to fish
so , does that mean i can grill up some catfish and drizzle eel sauce on it for the same delicious eel flavor ?
so , does that mean i can grill up some catfish and drizzle eel sauce on it for the same delicious eel flavor ?
electric catfish sounds like a good name for a band . perhaps bluegrass .
fun fact : there is also an actual electric catfish . not as impressive as the eel tho .
" are these electric eels swimming around me ? " " no " zap ! " they 're electric catfish . "
yeah and it is completely useless :p
i 'm missing something or i 'm having a bad math day . the image of the polynomial is disconnected so how can it be the continuous image of ( edit ) r 26 feel free to mock me if i 've missed something !
i 'm missing something or i 'm having a bad math day . the image of the polynomial is disconnected so how can it be the continuous image of ( edit ) r 26 feel free to mock me if i 've missed something !
the only time i 've ever seen " o " used as a variable . xp
i know this is r math , but i can n't understand any of this as a casual observer . is there a way to explain this in laymen 's terms
where do i learn about diophantine equations ?
yeah because the inexperienced officers would make stupid decisions that were pretty much suicide for their whole unit
i 'm pretty sure this was one of the reasons we switched to an all volunteer professional military ...
i 'm pretty sure this was one of the reasons we switched to an all volunteer professional military ...
learned this tonight on ken burns vietnam war documentary . highly recommended . some great content about race relations in vietnam as well .
i recall reading that drugs were a large influence as well . edit : found the diary entry . tl d r a soldier high on heroin committed suicide and fragged those around him .
there was a history professor at my school , he recently retired but during that draft , he had students who failed his class , he gave them a failing grade knowing their gpa would drop and get them sent to war . he was so educated yet he knowingly sent students to their graves .
could always be the washington redskins credit agency
www.clownpenis.fart
www.clownpenis.fart
__url__
ceo : " damn i knew it was a bad idea to open up renaming the company to a public vote for pr "
couldn t help reading this in john oliver s voice .
they did make great games for the atari also ! why they have not made a pitfall movie is beyond me !
atari : game over was an excellent documentary following both the rise and fall of atari , as well as a project to locate and unearth the supposedly buried copies of e . t . if you want to know more i highly recommend it .
atari : game over was an excellent documentary following both the rise and fall of atari , as well as a project to locate and unearth the supposedly buried copies of e . t . if you want to know more i highly recommend it .
38 here ! does anyone remember the classic ' river raid ' my god that was a game ! ! __url__
cut to 2010 and activision literally frog marching the heads of infinity ward out of the building because they dared to ask for royalties for modern warfare 2
and went on to become greedy bastards themselves
bummer .
sounds sensible if you 're reading this and you have a dick inside your ass .
sounds sensible if you 're reading this and you have a dick inside your ass .
anal is overrated . it 's a real pain in the ass to convince the woman to do it .
lol i 'm canadian and this is absolutely not a thing . even if it might be in a law somewhere in canada this is clearly never enforced or even talked about
would n't it be illegal anywhere if under the age of consent ?
wish my boy da vinci was still around today , he would love gardien products , especially the mock chicken tenders or mock crab cakes . da vinci the original pre vegan .
my kids just read about the bird thing in monday 's with a mad genius . did n't know it was something he was known to do .
my kids just read about the bird thing in monday 's with a mad genius . did n't know it was something he was known to do .
he purchased caged birds and released them because he was studying how birds fly and sketching every detail of it
and also helps the assassins against the templars
so the best way to make money in that city at the time was to train homing pigeons . you sell him the bird and then he releases it to fly back to his coup . next day you sell him the same bird . )
it was just a prank , bro !
what else are you expected to do ? ! be a better leader ! ? that 's absurd !
what else are you expected to do ? ! be a better leader ! ? that 's absurd !
shit man , everyone 's thin skinned 1800 years ago
u emperorcaracalla is now a mod of r prorevenge
insults and disrespect can quickly turn into rebellion . parenting .
the jerk store episode is one of the best tv episodes of all time .
most of the show is based on the real lives of the creators , cast and writing team .
most of the show is based on the real lives of the creators , cast and writing team .
prettayyyy prettayyyy prettayyy pretty good . pretty good .
did n't mean to misspell " costanza " in the title . shit .
the extremely well spoken and intelligent actor jason alexander ( who played george costanza ) speaks about how his character was based on larry david and how he discovered it : __url__
what if we spread a rumor that arsenic is an aphrodisiac ? maybe the people that use things like rhino horns will get wiped out .
and i suppose that the chinese ground up the oracle bones due to western trickery too ?
and i suppose that the chinese ground up the oracle bones due to western trickery too ?
translation . you hate the west and blame all ill upon them
so we should start reporting that it turns you gay .
there 's no record of it because it 's an ancient chinese secret .
do n't forget c
we might be geniuses
we might be geniuses
differentiate
this escalated quickly .
differentiate .
so they died a slow , painful death bleeding out onto the cold ground .
you 're either getting a tattoo on your face or a summary execution . you 're in for a bad time , friendo
you 're either getting a tattoo on your face or a summary execution . you 're in for a bad time , friendo
i must set a reminder not to get a mermaid tattoo
that 's pretty ridiculous , they 'll just shoot your ass in the head
i wish they would just get it over with and put me out of my misery , but for some reason they 're stalin .
obligatory xkcd __url__
low expectations is the key to happiness : )
low expectations is the key to happiness : )
way to live up to your namesake , little rover dude !
it 's pretty great it 's till going ! here 's where all of its raw images are posted : __url__
so it was supposed to take 90 days and instead they 're not done after 13 years ? what a bunch of slackers !
well ... ? now we 're expecting a story .
chris ? if so i 'm really sorry about that night , but you were kinda asking for it .
chris ? if so i 'm really sorry about that night , but you were kinda asking for it .
had a similar , though not quite as dramatic experience . bad trip got me to stop being a lazy stoner and move on with my life .
what happened ?
yeah i had a bad experience but mine was a bit different ... the kids i was with were like some kind of cult , they subliminally manipulated me and laced some of the weed that we smoked . but im ok now .
where 's steve 1989 ?
did anyone tried the individual meal pack ( canada ) vs the american mre ? which one is better in general ? the canadian one look awesome tbh .
did anyone tried the individual meal pack ( canada ) vs the american mre ? which one is better in general ? the canadian one look awesome tbh .
interactive guide to mres around the world .
might be because some come with lil bit of booze .
i remember some of the older ones where the cheese looked and tasted more like peanut butter than the peanut butter did , which tasted and looked almost like it could be some sort of a cheese . either way , they barely made the cracker more edible than a chunk of cardboard .
the us army went from 180,000 to 8.3 million in ww2 .
we were n't used to losing so we overcompensated .
we were n't used to losing so we overcompensated .
and by 2020 , regular forces levels are planned to be about : army 82,000 , royal navy 30,000 , royal air force 33,000 . :
compared to the continental armies in europe , that sounds quite small .
to be fair , a lot of their troops were americans ...
what i took away from this that the time period of black people winning oscars overlaps with the time period of intense segregation . i 've never really thought about it , but those are so far apart in my mind they feel like different realities .
people from this era are still alive . how crazy is that ?
people from this era are still alive . how crazy is that ?
" you know they would n't let mammy go to the premiere ? but everybody comes back . she came back as oprah winfrey to get her money . "
you should just say black rather than african american . i mean charlize theron is an african american oscar winner .
how white of them .
the dairy industry has done some impressive things over the years . the food pyramid was designed specifically to encourage more milk and cheese consumption to help struggling dairy farmers .
amazing work for them , it 's not so amazing for the cows though .
amazing work for them , it 's not so amazing for the cows though .
there 's a lobby behind every food ?
we had to fill out paperwork with the school as well as get a dr 's note to get them to offer something other than milk . our child is lactose intolerant and gets a very upset stomach when he drinks it . fuckin ' bullshit .
fine by me . i love milk .
yep , umbrella policy . i just had one added to mine . 1 million that covers pretty much anything for around 300 year . whats funny is once the teenager moves out it 'll drop to 120 year !
it 's likely the umbrella policy attached to the homeowners insurance .
it 's likely the umbrella policy attached to the homeowners insurance .
homeowners insurance includes personal liability up to 500k then the umbrella policy sits above it . typically 1 million dollar mark .
usually some amount of coverage for negligent acts . never for intentional torts .
buildings , contents , liability , the top tier companies also include things like loss of use ( cost of living elsewhere in the event of a claim ) ... this situation would be a liability claim on ho insurance personal umbrella insurance if carried .
a little known fact , they would drop them in the fields and the village kids would run after them yelling mine , and that 's where the term mine field came from .
chemical warfare !
chemical warfare !
give a population that probably has n't had processed , high sugar food an immediate supply ? sounds like a dirty way to win over a population . did n't the british use a similar tactic on the chinese ?
the gods must be crazy ... afghanistan edition .
why though ...
if neither have arms ... would it all be kicking and headbutts ?
but a grizzly bear is armed to the teeth
but a grizzly bear is armed to the teeth
but we and the bear both have the right to bear arms .
un armed combat ? i thought the constitution gave bears a right to arms .
but would n't you both have the right to bear arms ?
he lived to be 16 yearso old ..
rocky from king of queens should be about 75 now . edit : the joke is that doug 's parents kept replacing rocky and doug never knew .
rocky from king of queens should be about 75 now . edit : the joke is that doug 's parents kept replacing rocky and doug never knew .
noooo not eddie ... :( his actual name was moose and he was so cute
the dog from old yeller died too .
he was replaced mid show as well no ?
and for a bonus , the obsidian is brittle and will break off in the bone , making the injury that much more brutal .
obsidian is no joke . i took a lithics class in college , and out professor had us try to make our own tools out of obsidian in lab one day . there was a trail of blood leading from the lab to the bathroom .
obsidian is no joke . i took a lithics class in college , and out professor had us try to make our own tools out of obsidian in lab one day . there was a trail of blood leading from the lab to the bathroom .
brittle , though . those blades often chipped off in battle , and i 'd definitely rather have a steel sword . i would not want to get hacked with these things , though .
" it is sometimes referred to as a sword or club , but it lacks a true european equivalent , perhaps it is best described as a baton with a cutting edge . " someone please correct that run on sentence on wikipedia .
yes , however , they were brittle and do n't last nearly as long as the modern equivalent . there 's always a trade off folks .
the person attacked another congoer , adrianne stepped up .
this is her dressed as catwoman
this is her dressed as catwoman
she really did n't " fend off " anyone . more like freaked out and screamed . she had the bull whip in her hand at the time . source : i used to be a good friend of hers .
she really got into the role , good for her !
the surreal life was the tits , is she still with christopher knight ?
til that sas actually stands for stirling , a strangler
yeah , well , john wayne gacy personally strangled 33 men . we americans are no slouch in the strangle department .
yeah , well , john wayne gacy personally strangled 33 men . we americans are no slouch in the strangle department .
why you little ... !
where 's this guy 's fucking movie ?
in a row ? !
too many too fast . overshot the market .
bad timing and advertising for the dreamcast . that system was a fanatic beast .
bad timing and advertising for the dreamcast . that system was a fanatic beast .
but their consoles were n't bad the dreamcast was amazing .
shenmue for dreamcast is still the most mind blowing game i 've ever played considering the time period
wait , wait , waaaaaaaait sega master system was and is , i maintain , a technically better system than the nes .
they need to add a button which activates a speaker that projects forward a smooth spoken word gospel album performed by musk at medium volume . look for it in the next model
do n't you guys have an option to generate faux ice car sounds , for tesla awareness ? ( i would opt for the pacman car ( 1984 cartoon ) sound myself ) .
do n't you guys have an option to generate faux ice car sounds , for tesla awareness ? ( i would opt for the pacman car ( 1984 cartoon ) sound myself ) .
when you pass them , turn on your windshield wiper fluid and spray ' em with the soap . that 's what i do .
they should install the sound of tho half coconuts hitting each other when the car drives beneath a certain speed . that would make everyone aware ! cataclop cataclop
" gas brake honk , gas brake honk , honk honk punch , gas gas gas "
nintendo has a long history of not liking mods .
game genie ( along with c c red alert ) made me aware at a very young age that modding games was awesome . hex codes and ini files ate up a large portion of my 3rd 4th grade summer days .
game genie ( along with c c red alert ) made me aware at a very young age that modding games was awesome . hex codes and ini files ate up a large portion of my 3rd 4th grade summer days .
i loved altering the codes by a single character and seeing mario in a rectangle of rapidly cycling colored squares , rather than a tanooki suit .
sega does what nintendo n't etc ...
the springs in my nes stopped working and i couldn t get the cartridge to stay down to play anything . thankfully i got a game genie which worked without having to press it down . game genie saved my childhood .
just do it if you do it enough times you might get famous for wearing a wig and having a big ass
you should honestly check out the youtube series " rostered on " you 'll laugh your ass off playlist season 01
you should honestly check out the youtube series " rostered on " you 'll laugh your ass off playlist season 01
if you ever go on a long vacation in a distant town and you get bored , apply for a job at a local department store . on your first shift , let the venom flow and get it out of your system . get fired and resume drinking pi a coladas . go home and pretend it never happened .
we 're gonna need a citation for that .
record them and post it on r videos
which makes sense since clinton has dogs and has been photographed giving head pats ... and trump has never had a pet ever .
too many illegal mexican dogs voting . sad !
too many illegal mexican dogs voting . sad !
yeah , but that 's only 2 and a bit in human votes .
1 person vote counts as much as 7 dog votes . this is the voter fraud he must have been talking about .
to be fair , hilary had that on lock down
some things never change .
there was also another one that read " drink elba light " but nobody wanted to reveal that finding .
there was also another one that read " drink elba light " but nobody wanted to reveal that finding .
r hailcorporate ( do nbsp i nbsp really nbsp need nbsp an nbsp s )
i kinda want one now .
where is the proof of this ?
or more importantly , the willingness
even more importantly , if you do it yourself you are liable for the results . if you hire someone , you can sue their pants off for shoddy workmanship .
even more importantly , if you do it yourself you are liable for the results . if you hire someone , you can sue their pants off for shoddy workmanship .
thats not what my new brick driveway says ! edit : ok i get it i didnt use the right sands and stones under the brick and my home is now worthless !
truth . my good friends dad owns a masonry business . the amount of tools i would never use again it took to build a short sidewalk made him completely worth it .
right tighty , lefty loosey ... now go change your tire .
we all grew up being told fat is the worst thing you can eat as well but it turns out fat is just fine and better for you than sugar .
you guys are 50 obese .
you guys are 50 obese .
which turns out is actually at the heart of the massive obesity crisis .
he 's talking about simple carbs , more specifically . not carbs in general .
the dairy industry benefited the most from the food pyramid . they lobbied hard for it .
which is why vole dna is perfect for a love potion .
do you know what a vole is bleeggh morty ?
do you know what a vole is bleeggh morty ?
til what a vole was
it 's strange . i love baby kittens , birds , deer , horses cows etc . but i always get such a strange primal urge to kill rodents . i do not like them and they freak me out . i hate rats and mice and get the broom the second i see them . i even hate killin spiders .
i would n't hit my vole if only she would listen !
rip luanne platter .
at the time of her death , i recall the emphasis being on " multiple drug intoxication " as the main cod from the news i was watching reading at the time and i left it at that . this is an interesting extra bit of info and til as well .
at the time of her death , i recall the emphasis being on " multiple drug intoxication " as the main cod from the news i was watching reading at the time and i left it at that . this is an interesting extra bit of info and til as well .
her old man was a mobster was n't he ?
people still blaming music , even today ...
also drugs .
and north carolina and south carolina merge to form superalabama !
wait till you hear about yugoslavia .
wait till you hear about yugoslavia .
eventually everything combines to form pangea . takes about 6,000 years though .
and sweden to merge with denmark and norway to form sweden !
i think it 's czechia for quite some time .
its soemthing that is said at a certain pacing , that most people of the time would know . it makes total sense . like teaching kids they need to wash their hands for 30 seconds and using the abc song twinkle twinkle for the timing .
they also had candles designed to burn for about an hour . a lack of clocks caused people to do all sorts of things .
they also had candles designed to burn for about an hour . a lack of clocks caused people to do all sorts of things .
i learned how to make pizzelles perfectly crispy by leaving them in the pizzelle iron for 2 hail marys and an our father . works every time !
of course . there was n't any mississippi then .
in one of polish short stories by boleslaw prus there is theme of a sick child whose treatment was prescribed to be put into a hot oven for 3 hail marys . the girl died . not sure if 3 lord 's prayers takes less time to recite .
the yakuza only operated during daylight because of an irrational fear of batman .
the yakuza have to be in bed by 6pm ?
the yakuza have to be in bed by 6pm ?
do n't the yakuza infiltrate like .. everything ? i thought they were encouraged to all have day jobs and such . seems odd that they didnt have anyone to tip them off on shipments . unless that 's just a bunch of hooey and i 'm pulling facts out of my ass again .
did they drive blacked out honda ej1s with green neon ?
i thought most theft would have been at night ...
so ... nine inch nails of his genre ?
if his albums were better , this would be really impressive . lenny is a talented guy who cranked out a number of solid songs that i love , but maybe he could have been more consistent if he worked with other people in the song making process .
if his albums were better , this would be really impressive . lenny is a talented guy who cranked out a number of solid songs that i love , but maybe he could have been more consistent if he worked with other people in the song making process .
so did prince
explains why it 's so shitty . reminds me of a mitch hedberg joke , " i taught myself how to play guitar , which was a bad decision because i did n't know how to play it , so i was a shitty teacher . "
well the good thing is he is solely responsible for making terrible music .
wait ? ! ? ! rockstars in the 60s did coke ? i do n't believe it ... s
well did he get high with a little help from his friends ?
well did he get high with a little help from his friends ?
" a message from your friendly neighbourhood drug dealer on the corner . "
i 'm shocked . shocked , i tell you .
not surprising . drug culture was in full swing by then .
you have n't thought of the smell you bitch
its funny because they say these things in the show
its funny because they say these things in the show
ok guys i think we broke dee ...
wheres the god damn fire ? !
i will eat your babies bitch .
you sound like the type of guy who 'd be upset if you brought politics to an unrelated thread .
unsubscribe .
unsubscribe .
or if you 're canadian hop on over to r canadapolitics where the points do n't matter and everything is made up __url__
damn thats cold .
aww look at the little butt hurt person
woosh
no , look closer , his mouth is definitely missing
no , look closer , his mouth is definitely missing
my fucking sides
i love reddit . just when you 're feeling low , you will always find someone more stupid than you . thanks for making me feel better buddy
thread
as an insurance agent , i advise everyone to never have kids . never .
as someone living in england , can confirm : an umbrella is an essential investment .
as someone living in england , can confirm : an umbrella is an essential investment .
r childfree
how much do you pay and who do you go through if you dont mind me asking ?
cheap umbrellas usually are worthless for high winds
me neither man . it 's been maybe 2 years since the last time i got any . get cheated on , lose value in my self worth , focus on raising the kids , fuck a relationship right now .
i understand why you do n't get it . if the noose were actually tight , she would n't have lived .
i understand why you do n't get it . if the noose were actually tight , she would n't have lived .
not enough weight in puns
how do you knot get it ?
so you were left hanging ?
the title makes it sound like he was successful . it should be pointed out that as soon as the consular legion landed in sicily , the revolt was put down and he was killed .
man , i 'm glad i called that guy .
man , i 'm glad i called that guy .
he did well for himself for a while may have even minted coins with his face on them . and " tips " also included just giving him some decent food while performing . __url__
dan carlin does a great podcast series called history on fire , and in episode 56 he goes into great detail about eunus and the the surrounding areas at that time for anyone interested .
" never go in against a sicilian when death is on the line " !
the all seeing , all knowing god did n't know where adam was hiding , so there 's that .
the catholic god will uphold what the church agrees with so it actually does work that way for them .
the catholic god will uphold what the church agrees with so it actually does work that way for them .
i mean its the same god
awh shit they put the magic water on him now i have to let them in ..
according to post malone god can n't watch the cowboys play unless the roof is opened so maybe he can be duped .
you should see what we gave up after 9 11 .
it 's a shame more people have not learned from the mistakes of pre ww 2 germany .
it 's a shame more people have not learned from the mistakes of pre ww 2 germany .
this is like high school history stuff , or it was anyway .
so this is how liberty dies with thunderous applause
" today " you just learned this ? or are you just baiting ?
when i was in the navy i regularly said " it 's not gay underway . " " or it 's not gay if you 're at c school , or behind an arbys dumpster at 3am . " you know , the usual navy phrases .
i had a coworker in the marines and after he told me about all the stuff they did naked for no particular reason during basic ( or whatever it is called in the marines ) , i kind of wondered why they were so opposed to the gays .
i had a coworker in the marines and after he told me about all the stuff they did naked for no particular reason during basic ( or whatever it is called in the marines ) , i kind of wondered why they were so opposed to the gays .
my bro sent me pics when his ship was running exercises with the italian fleet and by god i laughed hard at the thought of a random attack happening and the enemy just sees a bunch of dudes in dresses and guns floating at sea
it 's not gay if you 're under way .
it 's not gay underway was thrown around jokingly a lot ... maybe it was n't a joke idk .
not woodcuts , they 're etchings .
what treasury ? do you know the name ?
what treasury ? do you know the name ?
i had the exact same one , thank you for bringing them back to me !
in no . 4 the suits remind me of admiral ackbar .
thanks for my new kindle screensavers !
i mean , people do n't often talk about semen in typical conversations , but it definitely is .
it is
it is
how old are you , if you do n't mind my asking ? i 'm just curious as to whether it 's a generational gap or more regional . either way , though , if you even google " spunk " the first result is it 's definition as a vulgar term for semen .
yes it is . i e heard it a million times here .
yes , it is .
i picture that class to look like indiana jones ' archaeology class in raiders of the lost ark
she 's the star of the show , but he definitely is not .
she 's the star of the show , but he definitely is not .
now we know what they did all that time down in the bunker .
holy fucking shit post it again
so hamm would have been old enough to kidnap kemper and keep her in an underground bunker just like in the show .
tapatio , iirc , means " from guadalajara " do n't get me wrong , its also a great basic sauce to slather on shit that needs sauce to get through .
aw , not a fan of the true hot sauce of dfacs everywhere , aka texas pete ? jk , texas pete is trash . tapatio and cholula are my omelet saviors .
aw , not a fan of the true hot sauce of dfacs everywhere , aka texas pete ? jk , texas pete is trash . tapatio and cholula are my omelet saviors .
to this day i carry tapatio in my backpack .
tapatio is the hot sauce mexicans in texas use . that and valentina .
my guess for the gray coloring is because they tried to season it with pepper before the cooking . being that they 're powdered eggs , the pepper could possibly already been mixed in . thus , creating the gray color . i was watching master chef , and they explained it that way
my sister died when i was 18 and she was 7 . that shit fucks you up for life .
depends . my sister was 22 when i was born . she was already out of the house and we have never been that close . our relationship is more like cousins or a young aunt than siblings .
depends . my sister was 22 when i was born . she was already out of the house and we have never been that close . our relationship is more like cousins or a young aunt than siblings .
you just reminded me that my older sister is going to die someday ... :( brb need to call her
my step sister is 50 , i 'm 27 , this thought had n't crossed my mind . now i 'm kinda sad . internet hug !
i have had a sister that was a bit older than me . she recently committed suicide and it really does fuck you up . you expect them to grow old and die of old age , but situations like this are so sudden and awful .
i 'm just here to pick up my free boat
this exists in holland . __url__
this exists in holland . __url__
oh sweet thanks here you g ... wait a minute
duterte
we actually do that in canada now
other pics and cosplay edit : please downvote . i do n't want a " let me google that for you " situation being my top comment .
about time someone posted it , geez , i almost had to google it myself !
about time someone posted it , geez , i almost had to google it myself !
lol i bet those whip marks stayed for a week too . that is not a fake whip .
oh , i 'm glad i clicked that . i assumed it was going to be a stupid leather and or latex " sexy " cosplay . she actually looks like poochyena which is interesting .
wow animated series catwoman , major props .
the name for adrenalin comes from the organ 's location . because your adrenalin glands are located above your kidneys . ad renal literally means " above your kidneys " .
neat . latin vs . greek .
neat . latin vs . greek .
this is the most mind blowing thing i have ever seen on til . well done ! and not a repost ( not discussed for over a year , and only twice total at that ) . double well done ! this is now going into my encyclopedia of useless bar facts .
i knew they were the same thing , but thought it was the opposite , that epinephrine was the name for synthetic adrenaline .
so why is n't epinephrine abused as a recreational drug ? its well known that certain people really get off on that adrenaline rush so you 'd think some people would just resort to shooting up with it ?
john lithgow is such a magnificent actor . creepy af serial killer . alien comedic character . winston churchill . he 's truly wonderful to watch and seems to be completely underrated .
everyone should pretty much through s5e1 for closure then stop .
everyone should pretty much through s5e1 for closure then stop .
what was in season 4 ? surprise motherfucker , w jimmy smits ?
is that the lithgow season ?
it 's my go to season . i 've not watched anything after 5 though . but seasons 4 . ugh . so good .
and guess what , in arabic too . the title of this post is wrong , shah mat the king is dead
in portuguese too .
in portuguese too .
probably a legacy of muslim occupation of pirenei peninsula , somewhen before during crusades ?
matar in hindi means peas ... mata means mother ... mat means defeat ...
definitely some links to the word murder there
if i remember correctly , it was more than just an own goal . a lot of illegal betting was involved and the cartel of medellin apparently lost a lot of money with that own goal .
it 's a really sad story . was one of if not the best player on columbia , too . he had signed to play in one of the top tier european leagues for next season after the world cup ended , so he was already set to leave columbia in the near future .
it 's a really sad story . was one of if not the best player on columbia , too . he had signed to play in one of the top tier european leagues for next season after the world cup ended , so he was already set to leave columbia in the near future .
espn did a 30 for 30 about this team . watch it if this interests you it 's really an interesting story .
to which the bbc posted a public apology .
i remember watching this game at a bar and actually said they re going to murder this guy when he messed up .
of course it was ruled a suicide . you would n't want the coroner and his family to suddenly all commit suicide too would you ?
the cia is bad news . whether it 's dealing drugs , providing children to pedophiles , or assassinating foreign heads of state , it acts completely without moral compass .
the cia is bad news . whether it 's dealing drugs , providing children to pedophiles , or assassinating foreign heads of state , it acts completely without moral compass .
side question : is the headline constructed to make two shot suicides seem impossible ? i thought i read somewhere that a substantial number of suicides manage to get more than one shot off .
as pointed out , 2 shot suicides are fairly common . people often miss the first time , just enough .
plenty of people jumping to the conclusion that it 's 100 a cia execution and nobody stopping to wonder if they 'd be stupid enough to make an execution look as far from a suicide as possible .
" no dude i 'm telling you , we flood the torpedo blister and we send one super far ! it 'll be gnarly "
why are wwii era russian tanks often said to be the happiest tanks in the world ? because they barely had any gun depression :d
why are wwii era russian tanks often said to be the happiest tanks in the world ? because they barely had any gun depression :d
eli 5 why it was n't easier to just move closer ? also reminds me of this old reddit post
fao commanding officer , uss texas omg h4xx0r signed oberkommando claus schmidt
that is the crazy shit you can expect from a ship named after texas .
poor sean could n't handle the emotional fallout of reading yeats in equilibrium , too tragic .
he was killed at the climax in the island .
he was killed at the climax in the island .
i think thats the opposite of squandering his acting skills . they need someone to deliver a powerful percormance and make a connection with the audience in a short amount of time . not many are capable of that
atleast he 's in the extra content
sometimes less is more .
but wait , baldrick , i have an idea ! what if we cover their feet in salt and make goats lick it off ? oh , yes me lord , what a great idea ...
when they mri the brains of someone being tickled , they do n't light up the " fun " part of the brain , they light up the " i am helpless and need this to stop " part of the brain .
when they mri the brains of someone being tickled , they do n't light up the " fun " part of the brain , they light up the " i am helpless and need this to stop " part of the brain .
and some that survived it came away with an unusual new fetish ...
" and then we 'll cover him in salt and a goat will lick him . " " will that actually kill him ? " " meh . sometimes . "
til medieval people were kinky as fuck
psycho mantis ? !
snake ? s n a a a k e ! ? ! ? ! ? !
snake ? s n a a a k e ! ? ! ? ! ? !
hurt me more !
second floor basement ? !
if there was ever a doubt about reddit 's main demographic being 20 something year olds who play games , then this comment and the replies to it shatters it .
i agree . he was a weird dude with a fucked up childhood , and people took advantage of that .
sleeping with non related 12 year old boys is normal ?
sleeping with non related 12 year old boys is normal ?
100 agree .
everyone should read this : __url__
he deserved to rot in jail .
it 's true . eight of the girls filed charges .
can confirm . we gave him a bid that night .
can confirm . we gave him a bid that night .
i heard he tried to kill spiderman
natty
kate plus eight
damn . history 's kind of a dick , huh ?
and then they made teddy bears , just to spite him .
and then they made teddy bears , just to spite him .
lbj had such a big dick that johnson is used to refer to others dicks
his wife , who died the same day as his mother ( valentines day ? ) called him teddy after that no one else
you can call me abe , but just not aby , baby .
i suspect crunk , as used by dr seuss , carried a slightly different meaning than it does now . else , my childhood may have been vastly different .
til lil jon 's mother read him dr . seuss books as a child . ... from the window , to the wall til the cat in the hat drops down my balls til all the foxes in boxes crawl til all sneech sneech mothergrinch , all sneech sneech a green eggs and ham ...
til lil jon 's mother read him dr . seuss books as a child . ... from the window , to the wall til the cat in the hat drops down my balls til all the foxes in boxes crawl til all sneech sneech mothergrinch , all sneech sneech a green eggs and ham ...
i have not heard that word since high school .
what ? ? ? okaaaayyy ! ! !
dr seuss ? i fucked his bitch .
either that or none of the whitehouse security team had the balls to man handle the russian premier back indoors , yeltsin drunk af and being embarrassing is his and russia s problem , choke holding a head of state is a diplomatic incident
bill was famous for doing that .
bill was famous for doing that .
well i mean i 'm definitely faster when i am just in my underwear , and a lot sneaker as well
you would think there would be eyes from america and the soviet union on him .
they 're there to guard him , not dress him .
it 's far from sober , but spread out over an entire day , it 's probably about par for the course for a daily drinker .
the typical american idea of russians drinking vodka usually entail drinking several of those in one sitting to ward off the brutal cold or for any other reason , really .
the typical american idea of russians drinking vodka usually entail drinking several of those in one sitting to ward off the brutal cold or for any other reason , really .
you 're assuming that 's all at once . 750 ml throughout the day will just keep you nicely buzzed .
i wish that amount got me shitfaced with whiskey , sadly it does n't anymore .
what ? for an alcoholic that 's a regular dose . jelzin was an alcoholic . i dont think he was too irritated from 750ml .
so ... success then ?
the surviving rabbits decided to migrate to the most barren areas so they could open casinos .
the surviving rabbits decided to migrate to the most barren areas so they could open casinos .
...
has anyone tried rabbit meat ? how does it taste and is it easy to cook with ? if it was the apocalypse , i d move to that one japanese island full of rabbits and probably get fat
i twitch and i salivate , like with myxomitosis !
who says the luxembourg leadership had the best intentions for it 's people ? maybe the nazis showed them new ways to exploit their workforce and were making the right people rich
" that hitler had some good ideas . " luxembourg
" that hitler had some good ideas . " luxembourg
not to mention , it was n't hitler 's economic policies that made him evil . granted , some of them were pretty awful too , but it was really his social policies that made him the go to villain of the 20th century .
evil is very good at filing . i mean , look at the auditors .
evil is subjective
i 've had my hotmail account since 1996 and i got firstname lastname . so chuffed ! !
i have initial lastname gmail.com which i actually registered this year . i have a unique last name though .
i have initial lastname gmail.com which i actually registered this year . i have a unique last name though .
i got gmail early enough to score that username . still use it as my primary account
not hotmail but mine was first initial middle initial rook comcast
i have a 4 letter email with hotmail and gmail . both are my initials and year of birth .
could n't remember viajar ... looked it up ... yup . 20,000 leagues of undersea travel .
the english title is pretty clear as well . a league is 3 nautical miles so the title is " 60,000 miles under the sea " . surely nobody thinks it go that deep .
the english title is pretty clear as well . a league is 3 nautical miles so the title is " 60,000 miles under the sea " . surely nobody thinks it go that deep .
well it 's not ambiguous in english either . leagues is a measure of distance while fathoms is a measure of depth . no ambiguity
muchas lenguas ! mmmm
i love that spanish can be so literal when compared directly to english . like junk food is called comida basura , directly translating to trash food .
that 's like leaving a penny as a tip . this is considered a dick move .
the best part is they then donated it to an artist 's rights group . that sort of poetic justice always makes me smile .
the best part is they then donated it to an artist 's rights group . that sort of poetic justice always makes me smile .
no no , it 's only a crime if the common people do it .
that title is super confusing for someone who does n't know that mgmt is a band and " kids " is a song .
to be fair , if you go to see mgmt live to hear them sing kids i would want 30,000 euros myself for that shit they cannot perform live to save their lives .
except that one time it was about kramer in l . a .
you mean t bone ?
you mean t bone ?
sweet fancy moses
get real it was all about anti dentites
george is like the part of ourselves that we hate and secretly wish to indulge , but can n't because we have a sense of shame .
nixon always wins aroooo !
wait a minute ! so you 're telling me that forrest gump did n't discover the whole watergate incident ?
wait a minute ! so you 're telling me that forrest gump did n't discover the whole watergate incident ?
i finally realized why the girl in the fairly odd parents movie was " deep toot " .
nixon must have felt quite silly figuring that out , and felt must have been sooo smug .
code name " deep throat " ... i laughed , i could n't help it .
oh boy ... can n't wait to let others read through it all so they can tell me if there was anything interesting or not !
was n't this due like 5 years ago ? i remember the boston marathon bombings happened around the same time i thought they were supposed to be released , because there was a fire at the jfk library in boston the same day .
was n't this due like 5 years ago ? i remember the boston marathon bombings happened around the same time i thought they were supposed to be released , because there was a fire at the jfk library in boston the same day .
i know what s about the happen ! same shit that happened with the roswell documents that were suppose to be released last summer ... they aint giving us shit
i believe it was already recently stated that this was not going to happen because they " lost " the records .
prepare to be underwhelmed
in spanish the world for envy is " envidia " which already sounds identical to " nvidia "
25 years ago when they first came out , i thought " nuhvidia " was kind of a dumb name .
25 years ago when they first came out , i thought " nuhvidia " was kind of a dumb name .
ge force is spelled with an extra e because the g force name was already taken by an existing accelerator product .
have 1080 ti . can confirm . women literally throw their panties at me all the time .
green eye monster is another analogy for envy , maybe that explains the green eye ' e ' logo
holy shit , this is exactly what i came here to say . were you a nuke too ?
in the army you get promoted based on how fast you can run two miles . a buddy of mine who has great leadership capabilities just got passed up but a guy who eats crayons but can run .
in the army you get promoted based on how fast you can run two miles . a buddy of mine who has great leadership capabilities just got passed up but a guy who eats crayons but can run .
what performance does the navy have though ?
there 's a quote somewhere out there , i cant remember which marine general said it , but it was along the lines of " the best marines are smart , they say i 'm gonna get out and make a million bucks . then they do . "
i think that applies to majority of the federal government . :( source : i work there .
it is .
here in california no one says it ever . people say come or jizz
here in california no one says it ever . people say come or jizz
pittsburgh . where are you from that this is common ?
underarock , usa
are you a slang expert ? from ohio , never heard it .
the apples guy was bannanas .
he tried to fight p . c . with apples . the results went as you 'd expect .
he tried to fight p . c . with apples . the results went as you 'd expect .
not even that , but he thought that fruit ( i . e . little fibery sugar bombs ) would cure his pancreatic cancer ( pancreas , i . e . the organ which breaks down sugar ) . a short question to siri could have told him how bad of an idea that was .
live by the fruit . die by the fruit .
i guess he took the saying , " an apple a day keeps the doctor away " a little too seriously . haha
people in the service industry getting unreported cash tips can make much more from tourists so it can be much more lucrative to be a waiter or bar tender than a doctor or engineer .
20 per month . that does n't make sense .
20 per month . that does n't make sense .
that does n't sound too good for the economy . thank god for tourism .
one of our ( not exactly legal ) taxi drivers was a government engineer . he made more driving that cab than he did at his legit job .
the wikipedia quote is total bullshit . it 's referencing one bad so called " journalist 's " misconceptions .
how do i say fuck you and thank you at the same time ?
" oh wow life sure seems crazy hey guys we 're moving where do you think we 're go " brrrrrrrzzzzzznnnkkttttt
" oh wow life sure seems crazy hey guys we 're moving where do you think we 're go " brrrrrrrzzzzzznnnkkttttt
i prefer the american dad version __url__
wow . youtube even gave me 5 seconds to change my mind , and i still clicked " skip ad " i 'm no very bright
so that 's how they form that distinct nugget shape
the pennyfarthing bike was so dangerous that the style of bike that was created right after this is referred to as the safety bike .
they also put their feet up because the pedals were fixed to the fast moving wheel ( no gears ) .
they also put their feet up because the pedals were fixed to the fast moving wheel ( no gears ) .
last name is farthing , always wanted to have a girl and name her penny . had a girl , wife unit wasnt too keen on the idea however .
like this ... __url__
i guess not riding them never came into play ?
metrics . people bullshit constantly , data does not .
make a graph of date versus serial number . get two data points . more data points is better . make a line representing average slope . that 's your estimated rate of tank production .
make a graph of date versus serial number . get two data points . more data points is better . make a line representing average slope . that 's your estimated rate of tank production .
what exactly do we do with that data during an all out war ? do we just look at that number and tell the factory workers to produce more than the enemy ?
dumb nazis , they should have made the tanks with a random number and not in order of production .
why would n't random serial numbers be assigned to prevent this ?
is it fair to assume that you like most dirt more you like than most people ?
just keep in mind he was n't " shoveling dirt " at least not from other peoples description . imagine a chimney but made of metal and then instead of sweeping it from the outside you go inside of it i guess . sounds kinda shitty .
just keep in mind he was n't " shoveling dirt " at least not from other peoples description . imagine a chimney but made of metal and then instead of sweeping it from the outside you go inside of it i guess . sounds kinda shitty .
i had a job as a checker at a drug store making 6.25 hour , and there 's no way in hell i would 've taken his job , even for 18 hour .
i paid thousands of dollars to go shovel dirt one summer as an archaeologist .
it sounds nice and all but it 's hell . no amount of money is worth hating your job with a passion imo
i hear many endangered tiger species have found refuge there .
war ! what is it good for ? the environment ... sometimes .
war ! what is it good for ? the environment ... sometimes .
til cnn founder ted turner can go to north korea without raising eyebrows
hope they turn it into a giant park one day !
nk will be ended soon .
goddamnit the ship was named the o'bannon . surprised they did n't throw whiskey molotovs as well
i heard that the development of this form of potato based naval warfare was the crowning achievement of the latvian equivalent of operation paperclip .
i heard that the development of this form of potato based naval warfare was the crowning achievement of the latvian equivalent of operation paperclip .
the captain went on to find famine fortune after his victory .
my grandpa served on the o'bannon ! he was diagnosed with alzheimer 's when i was very young , so i never got to hear the tale . but my dad says he used to tell the potato story all the time .
spud missles
i work as a valet and i think of this every time i get in a prius . i actually tried it on a coworker once .
" they 're real quiet , good for sneaking up on motherfuckers ! "
" they 're real quiet , good for sneaking up on motherfuckers ! "
min
andy was smart
good for sneakin ' up on motherfuckers
where you live at ? isnt it weird how many troy ppl are on here
wow my hometown made it reddit . i remember playing air hockey and buying smokes from a machine at the pool hall behind the pharm ( defunct ) down from henley rd . when i was a teen . first kiss on mckaig ave . holy crap i 'm old .
wow my hometown made it reddit . i remember playing air hockey and buying smokes from a machine at the pool hall behind the pharm ( defunct ) down from henley rd . when i was a teen . first kiss on mckaig ave . holy crap i 'm old .
yep , they did n't even do scans when testing the technology . in those days they just built the darn thing then straight put it to work .
troy piqua , but nicer . and with a chipotle to boot !
troy is the only place that produces slim jims .
we have to go back
live like a windrammer as you fuck .
live like a windrammer as you fuck .
in the southern us we call them chicken hawks but the are in the falcon family . kind of like what we call buzzards are actually vultures .
and of course they do n't live in north america , so i can n't even use it !
i too just watched that suzie dent video .
i 've been a part of many cults , both as a leader and a follower . make more money as a leader but you have more fun as a follower .
he 's the real scranton strangler , look at the signs .
he 's the real scranton strangler , look at the signs .
this is one of their best songs imo . creed is second from left during intro .
you learned that today ? ! he mentions it multiple times throughout the shows run .
his song " all the faces " is good
i apologize for what you 're about to put yourself through .
are you fucking sorry ?
are you fucking sorry ?
this , unfortunately .
the halle berry movie had this scene
__url__
earth means dirt .
some would say that the earth is our moon . but that would belittle the name of our moon , which is : the moon .
some would say that the earth is our moon . but that would belittle the name of our moon , which is : the moon .
luna .
whatever , alien . that 'll be three of your earth dollars .
luna
osama was one of 53 kids , and was always unpopular because of his unpopular mother . the family disowned him in the early 90s for advocating the overthrow of the saudi government .
which he continued to use to fund his terrorism operations .
which he continued to use to fund his terrorism operations .
bin laden 's family and george w . bush 's family did a bunch of business deals together .
george bush snr had a very close relationship with the saudis and the bin ladens
30 million for the richest non royal seems awfully low for one of the richest countries in the world . does the royal family just completely own the state oil industry ?
writing a document of such literal and substantive heft with a goddamn swivel chair was no small feat , the balance of the signatories imploring jefferson to just use a quill pen .
he 's so down with revolutions he invented the swivel chair .
he 's so down with revolutions he invented the swivel chair .
i can see the rest of the founding fathers saying no tom , that s not a spinner when he visits their offices .
i like to imagine him showing this to the rest of the founding fathers and they all take turns sitting in it , spinning , and yelling weeeeee ! ! !
in also came up with a new type of nail if i remember right ?
his theory relies on the complete halt of technological and agricultural innovation . i 'm sure if you asked him if the earth could support 2 billion people , he 'd say absolutely not and that half of those will die of starvation . check out the book " the bet " .
well he did n't foresee new farming practices so he got that wrong .
well he did n't foresee new farming practices so he got that wrong .
a similar principle can be applied when building a giant robot with hydraulically operated limbs .
he no doubt would have also seen that the gap between the wealth and poor would grow or remain the same thus leading to a society in conflict , with itself .
the famous " malthusian catastrophe "
superman iv however
well i would n't say so but maybe thats just leftover salt from that deathbattle ...
well i would n't say so but maybe thats just leftover salt from that deathbattle ...
can you read my mind ? do you know what it is you do to me ? here i am like a kid out of school !
before superman , comic book hero 's were n't taken serious by studios . compare the adam west batman series to the 1978 superman . superman ( 1978 ) proved that big budget high high value production superhero movies could make loads money and be nominated for academy awards .
bob , why did you collect trash for your city ? uh , its a job you free loading sociopath
no , it did n't work . but you should choose a better password than just asterisks .
yeah fam . i did n't see anything .
yeah fam . i did n't see anything .
sure , it worked evil laught
tinyblackd 1cks
all i see is
i 'm in texas and people do ...
you got downvoted because you called someone wrong because the part of texas you live in ( and remember it 's a pretty big state ) does n't use " spunk "
you got downvoted because you called someone wrong because the part of texas you live in ( and remember it 's a pretty big state ) does n't use " spunk "
yeah the downvotes are kinda weird ... you have n't heard anyone use " spunk " to define brotein before , and that 's fine .
i think you 're just weird . have an upvote .
probably should n't have said , " ... not sure downvotes are necessary . " just sayin
4chan has always been and always will be .
this reminds me of the conservative guy who jokingly tried to get women to be part of the draft recently . feminists and liberals were in favor of it and it had to be shut down by republican men .
this reminds me of the conservative guy who jokingly tried to get women to be part of the draft recently . feminists and liberals were in favor of it and it had to be shut down by republican men .
4scoreand7yearschan
no silly . they had good old fashion sexism .
there 's some evidence to suggest 4chan has been around since ancient egyptian times . __url__
for those wondering ...
risky click of the day
risky click of the day
it was ... a spooky ghost !
i 'm unsure whether i want to upvote you or go puke
sploosh
manthatsonebig dakota
no , they combined to become the florida of canada .
no , they combined to become the florida of canada .
north and south dakota combine to form baja manitoba .
they will become a black hole .
hey we south dakotan 's actually have cool landscapes unlike those despicable north dakotans and their barren wasteland with streams filled with oil .
imho one of the most ugly amd boring provinces we have .
flevoland is also a mythical area of florida thanks to an old myspace bug
flevoland is also a mythical area of florida thanks to an old myspace bug
i thought all of holland was man made . thats why they had those dikes , right ?
i 'm pretty sure this place is just some windmill generated guy fieri meme ,
that 's true of a lot of japan these days too is n't it ? i remember reading that a lot of the coastline of tokyo or somewhere is completely artificial now .
causal factors of child sex offenders are not known conclusively . ( citation 128 ) . you have n't learned anything . this is how you make wikipedia say whatever you want it to say .
i read it as " casual " at least 4 times and was super confused .
i read it as " casual " at least 4 times and was super confused .
what a terrible thumbnail for this post .
the word casual is really throwing me off in this title .
there was a study a year or two ago that showed the children of sex offenders were more likely to be sex offenders even if raised by someone else . low empathy and aggression are heritable traits .
vegas was pretty much ran by the jewish mafia . look up bugsy siegel
plenty of jewish gangsters in nyc not just hymen roth
plenty of jewish gangsters in nyc not just hymen roth
the purple gang
is n't that just another way to say banker .
" were "
my step dad was named tyrone ironically , he is probably the whitest person to ever live . he wore more bowties than bill nye , put mayonnaise on everything , and listened to barry manilow .
the county 's full gaelic name is tyrone dewallace jenkins .
the county 's full gaelic name is tyrone dewallace jenkins .
yeah check on malcolm too
sheeet .
yep . reference irish actor tyrone power for example . then again , the irish are black , so ...
side effect of his pancreas going into overdrive .
he was euphoric , not because of any phony physician 's diet plan , but because , he was enlightened by his fruity sustenance
he was euphoric , not because of any phony physician 's diet plan , but because , he was enlightened by his fruity sustenance
someone who does a fruit only diet is probably euphoric because they are enlightened by their own intelligence . meme.jpg
my guess is some phony god 's blessing . only us omnivores are enlightened by our own intelligence .
probably because apples are tasty af
so you tryin to start some shit huh
guillotine !
guillotine !
oh my god
i hope you did n't put the " s " after
i 've traveled there 7 ( ? ) times now . most people speak italian or valdotain ( a local language , can be described as somewhere between french and italian ) at home but people do speak french there too .
as the father of a 4 year old and a 1.5 year old , kids are the best . congrats and welcome to the club .
your insurance agent is starting plans on his casa in cabo .
your insurance agent is starting plans on his casa in cabo .
good luck man . i do n't have any kids . my gf has a 4 year old ( who i have spent more time with in two years than both parents ) and it 's awful . i love the kid , can n't stand the mom more and more everyday . i hope you 're a turn out to be one of the good ones .
recommend stepping up your time machine game . once the kid comes you may not want to go back but maybe you can skip some of the more ... annoying moments .
r daddit for all your wtf is happening needs
is this an actual quote ?
the kidney stone upon which that house was built .
the kidney stone upon which that house was built .
its amazing he only got 25k .. i paid 80 just to get an autograph and spend 2 seconds with the man . worth every penny .
75,000 , and no mars comment . __url__
yo , learn how to fucking type .
mxe if it is still around . if you are interested in trying dissociatives , i 'd recommend it over dxm any day .
dck , 3 meo pcp , pcp , 3 meo pce , ketamine , 2f dck it 's kind of similar to being drunk , but a bit different at the same time .
dck , 3 meo pcp , pcp , 3 meo pce , ketamine , 2f dck it 's kind of similar to being drunk , but a bit different at the same time .
ketamine and pcp .
easiest you can get your hands on and is pretty safe is n2o .
alcohol is a dissociative
truly the great meme dustbowl of 2017 .
pulis finishing top half
pulis finishing top half
totti retiring
human sacrifice , dogs and cats living together ... mass hysteria !
mourinho 's kids
and it was worth every penny .
indeed
indeed
watch sg1 then watch atlantis . both are great but will make more sense .
kree !
chevrons ai n't cheap
did n't ben franklin wrote somewhere that he thinks germans are too " swarthy " ? personally , i 'm morbidly fascinated by how the concept of " white " evolves over time . a europe that is not fighting each other is a relatively recent innovation .
and they were imprisoned because they were seen as inferior
and they were imprisoned because they were seen as inferior
the irish were probably believed to be inferior because they were slaves , but yeah maybe that too ...
they did become christians before the brits did though
it 's all cromwell 's fault , the dirty bastard .
it 's going to be hard for them both to find wives if they carry on doing that ...
i always thought that movie was kinda gay
i always thought that movie was kinda gay
uh huh ...
on a side note , haunted is one of the most disturbing pieces of literature ever written .
good for them .
they all taste the same to me .
and any color of albanese gummies are better than any other gummy .
and any color of albanese gummies are better than any other gummy .
says it on the packages , sillyface .
that 's a great idea , considering green apple is terrible .
green is n't lime ? o o
we do not want dis sickness in uganda
like ice cream
like ice cream
they put the hand in the anus
like ice cream
they suckle the anus
in college my friend and i were high one night and decided to watch bad lieutenant , not expecting much . hands down , greatest nic cage film of all time . we still slap the imaginary iguana from time to time and giggle like school girls .
i 've only seen the original with harvey keitel .
i 've only seen the original with harvey keitel .
agreed . it is an awesome film where nicole cage turns his nice cage impression up to 11
" watch me ! ! ! fuck ! ! ! your girlfriend ! ! !
i have this lying around on dvd somewhere but i 've never actually taken the time to watch it . i should dig it up .
what did he think was going to happen ? ! " ah yes this sounds feasible besides , how could we ever go about disproving this theory ? well done the sun for this top notch journalism . this one 's gunna blow the roof off "
the s n ftfy ynwa jft 96
the s n ftfy ynwa jft 96
anyone who has ever seen him on tv or heard him on radio knows kelvin mackenzie is one of the biggest arseholes the uk has to offer . he is the arsehole of arseholes , a giant , stretched out cum dripping anus of an excuse for a man .
top banter from channel four . giving the cunt a taste of his own medicine . __url__
goodbye old yeller brick road
but epi pens are intramuscular injections . heroin is vascular .
i put mine in a narcan pen so i can get one last hit
i put mine in a narcan pen so i can get one last hit
just put it in insulin ampules
this is the best comment here
brilliant
prior to this was egypt . the pyramids . ancient civilizations have been quite clever . edit : also the sphinx , and mummification , probably much more too that i can n't think of off the top of my head .
there 's this beautiful thing they discovered called an archway . the romans like columns , but they really really liked archways . they put them on acqueducts , ampitheatres , homes , palaces , and just about anything else they could stick it on .
there 's this beautiful thing they discovered called an archway . the romans like columns , but they really really liked archways . they put them on acqueducts , ampitheatres , homes , palaces , and just about anything else they could stick it on .
i 'm sorry but it 's just inaccurate to say rome did not have engineering theory .
the romans had their shit together .
trial ... and error
one of them was 18 too .
the insurance company would have paid , not the family
the insurance company would have paid , not the family
yeah , it is just weird that at the same time these non adult bros can trialed as adults ... weird . weird . how convenient .
some of those payouts came from manes ' and duran 's parent 's policies . manes and duran were both over 18 .
yes , i heard someone explain once that parents are liable for willful acts of mayhem , but not accidents , so if my kid opens the door and dings your car in the parking lot , then i 'm not liable , but if he throws a rock at your car , then i am .
same reason john 5 went from a full on rack and pedal board rig to a boss sd 1 ( and maybe wah ) into marshall head . critics said he relied on effects .
use to listen to slipknot in the 90 ' s , on a discman , in highschool , while wearing ufo pants . you might not think it but it was a really awesome time ...
use to listen to slipknot in the 90 ' s , on a discman , in highschool , while wearing ufo pants . you might not think it but it was a really awesome time ...
what 's wrong with swearing in songs ? i guess critics should shit on bob dylon for slurring his speech so much .
my personal favorite album
i 've been listening to this record since it came out and i never even noticed this . it 's just really , really good .
' til death do them part .
brings a whole new meaning to " bust a nut "
brings a whole new meaning to " bust a nut "
true , but the queen quickly moves on to mate with about eleven more drones .
awwww jeez rick , the last time we tried to mate someone for life it turned out ... chronenbergy
best . nut . ever .
sounds suspiciously like something a " wild west show " promoter would come up with .
annie are you oakley ?
annie are you oakley ?
you can n't , you will n't and you do n't stop . annie o come on and rock the sure shot .
buffalo bills wild west show is all around bizarre and fascinating .
incidentally , on any index of names , would he be filed as " bull , sitting " ?
give ' em to your guinea pig . he 'll thank you .
and the sap can be a source of artificial rubber .
and the sap can be a source of artificial rubber .
if you do n't mind bitter , gag inducing flavor , it 's edible .
" mama had baby and his head popped off . "
so i 'm not a bad neighbor ... i 'm just a local , independent , harvest free farmer .
lol
that man 's last name is missing a vowel . any vowel .
that man 's last name is missing a vowel . any vowel .
more of people 's sexiest athletes
elvis grbac would be a great choice to play peyton manning in the peyton manning story . he 'd have to tone down his raw sexuality a bit but i bet he 's got the acting chops to pull it off . an all around great guy with talent coming out the ass from what i have heard .
i mean they were originally going to go with rich gannon so i dont think grbac is that much of a downgrade .
why though ? did n't she survive ?
i guess one persons cool bar story is another 's life ending tragedy .
i guess one persons cool bar story is another 's life ending tragedy .
a co worker from years ago admitted to me one day that he went around door to door asking for donations for this baby that was stuck in a well and kept all the money . geez dude .
the well incident was actually from 1987 , not 1993 .
i think there was more underlying issues within these peoples lives than just the loss of fame . it seemed perhaps they got a little full of themselves , then reality came crashing down hard . to be a hero , you have to be humble .
i could stand the sight of worms and look at microscopic germs but technicolor pachyderms is really to much for me
and then there was " near beer "
and then there was " near beer "
no , it was prescribed for anxiety too i think
hospitals still do it .
hello yes i see elephants or some shit or whatever , prescribe me alcohol pls .
how was this not covered in ap euro ? we definitely learned all about the leadup to wwii in apec , including how hitler seized power .
definitely learned about this a ton from an american high school . this is taught as a critical moment in hitler 's rise to power . especially the reichstag fire decree .
definitely learned about this a ton from an american high school . this is taught as a critical moment in hitler 's rise to power . especially the reichstag fire decree .
i 'm sure i learned it multiple times in high school in texas .
i learned this in high school and am an american .
that 's funny . this was covered in ap us history . pretty common knowledge imo
as a joke ... but ... hmmm ...
strange that this did n't catch on .
strange that this did n't catch on .
the video can be found in this article : __url__ ctrl f velcro
question : was this ever a thing on apollo or gemini ?
remember : the soft side goes on the seat !
yes you are morgan , we 've all seen bruce almighty . if anyone should be god , it 's morgan freeman
i know we invented computers . i know computers exist . i believe in computers , because i think i 'm a computer . right . s
i know we invented computers . i know computers exist . i believe in computers , because i think i 'm a computer . right . s
i , too , believe in morgan freeman .
is n't this the premise for the bhagavad gita ?
i 'm 12 and this is deep .
yoko ono 's home planet approves .
worse yet , imagine if they used it to create a weapon that wiped half of us out . it would be a nightmare for pr .
worse yet , imagine if they used it to create a weapon that wiped half of us out . it would be a nightmare for pr .
read year zero by rob reid , its a hilarious book almost about this exact scenario .
woah ... space babes ! i never thought of that ! think of all the holes !
hey , do you have my idea what someone could do with 3000 flerbos ?
nicholas cage : good or bad ?
this should clear things up for you
this should clear things up for you
i do n't get why people loathe him either , but i get why people dislike him and mock him a lot . he 's got a very douchey air about him .
he 's just generally confusing to people , and some people do n't like that . i mean , i think he 's fantastic . i think it 's the reason he 's fantastic . i do n't think he 's ruined his career at all , how could he ? nobody plays nick cage better than he does .
personally , i just think he 's a terrible actor . he bugs .
ruthless bastards
and the man who ran that evil company ? charles montgomery trump .
and the man who ran that evil company ? charles montgomery trump .
i 've actually read it was named after grover cleveland 's daughter ruth .
litigation is a weapon more powerful than bombs . or pop music , that shit 's pretty strong too .
ceo scumbag steve
yeah it s expensive and power hungry and nuclear and so on , but what s all this about levitating frogs . i m prepared to de fund nasa for this .
i 'm curious if a magnet powerful enough to lift us by our iron content would harm us .
i 'm curious if a magnet powerful enough to lift us by our iron content would harm us .
thanks obama for making my gay frogs levitate
6 weeks to remove enough heat so the magnet will perform , wow .
if it can levitate frogs , does it mean we could turn it upside down and use it as artificial gravity inside space ships ?
i loved the poster in the suspect 's apartment .
what in the sweet christ was that ?
what in the sweet christ was that ?
i lost it at the vulgar language bleeps in interrogation .
buh gok
chicken chicken chicken __url__
this has got to stop , you guys . this is nuts . we can n't go around encouraging homeless men to smoke pcp in our restrooms .
burnie burns out of nowhere
burnie burns out of nowhere
do i look like a dust head to you ?
you do you , buddy
bernie ? ! ! ! ?
i remember my grandparents buying me that game and was so excited and by the end of the week i threw it in the fucking trash
so many fucking rings ...
so many fucking rings ...
one of the worst games in the history of gaming . still remember going over to a friends house literally wasting hours trying to play this nightmare .
fuck i forgot about that terrible game
this went down as one of the worst rated games in video game history , right up there with the original jason : " friday the 13th " game and e . t .
are you by chance ... a pleasure model ?
all joking aside , awesome o did predict jack and jill iirc .
all joking aside , awesome o did predict jack and jill iirc .
we 'll call it puppy love !
fuck you you 'll watch it
wah ! that 's great ! we 'll call it puppy love !
how would masturbating using a tortoise , after copulation , reduces the risk of stds ? ( asking for a friend )
horses do it by flexing their muscles down there to repeatedly slap their penis into their belly . i grew up on a ranch and never realized that 's what they were doing , lol
horses do it by flexing their muscles down there to repeatedly slap their penis into their belly . i grew up on a ranch and never realized that 's what they were doing , lol
how do the dolphins get access to a tortoise ?
how could you use sand ? i hate sand . it 's course and irritating .
i knew a dog who was addicted to giving himself oral . me and my friends were disgusted by him and would drive him away from us whenever he came around ( it was a small town where dogs freely roamed about ) .
a wizard is never late .
are you insinuating that he 's a w jizard ?
are you insinuating that he 's a w jizard ?
if i cum man it was right on time
kurten was a wizard confirmed .
he arrived during departure ?
yes , and marlon wayans got the role in batman returns before they axed the character again
kiefer was too busy being big boss at the time , apparently .
kiefer was too busy being big boss at the time , apparently .
dammit !
it might have worked .
now that would have been too much for that movie .
maybe the person who tried to interpret the iconography had an eagle drop a tortoise on their head and thought it happened to aeschylus
pretty sure that 's why op included the word " supposedly " in the title .
pretty sure that 's why op included the word " supposedly " in the title .
also , the eagle was unavailable for comment . maybe it was a hate crime .
you don t think they interviewed the eagle that murdered him ?
thanks , i read the title and thought it was too awesome to be true .
" looking back on it , i might have given al capone a few hints . the best he could do was to operate his racket in three districts . i operated on three continents . "
if you have n't seen it , check out the untold history of the united states , it 's on netflix , there are a few interesting sections about butler and it goes into more detail about the men he worked for .
if you have n't seen it , check out the untold history of the united states , it 's on netflix , there are a few interesting sections about butler and it goes into more detail about the men he worked for .
also brought to the attention of congress a planned coup to establish a fascist dictatorship , backed by j . p . morgan . did n't we bail those guys out a few years back ? til .
this is why rich people have a butler .
well , they did n't teach that about him in boot camp at all ...
something about this is very touching
we have aircraft carriers named after gerald ford , george bush , and ronald reagan though .
we have aircraft carriers named after gerald ford , george bush , and ronald reagan though .
that was the most exciting wikipedia story i 've ever read
after reading the wiki i decided to see what videos there are on the battle . this one gave a pretty good overview of the battle .
now we know it just takes one reckless and brave american johnston to fend off a fleet of japanese
the shelters do not let you have the animals if they have reason to believe you are going to use them as animal feed
those people are n't going to shelters , they 're following up on kijiji posts where somebody 's dog got pregnant and they 're giving away the puppies . it costs a couple hundred dollars to get a puppy from a shelter .
those people are n't going to shelters , they 're following up on kijiji posts where somebody 's dog got pregnant and they 're giving away the puppies . it costs a couple hundred dollars to get a puppy from a shelter .
as others have stated , they want to see pictures , will check your home and will check on the well being of the animal you adopted . also the price for adopted animals can be very high , so i guess noone would adopt an animal just to use it as fodder .
please tell me that is n't a thing ...
they ask for contact details and demand a fee . it 's not like people have n't tried exactly this before .
next your going to tell me the gap is named after an african genocide
__url__ a video from sam o nella academy about the banana republics . one of my favorite videos of his
__url__ a video from sam o nella academy about the banana republics . one of my favorite videos of his
i have never understood why they re named that . how can you not know what that means ? and if you know what it means why the fuck would you name a store that ?
i really thought all high school aged english speakers knew this sort of basic history .
i love how through bloodshed the us created a term and now it 's a large clothing company . i googled it and was inundated with ads for fall clothing instead of learning about us atrocities in central south america .
i always wonder how does redaction work ? who decide what is allowed to be redacted ?
nice governmwnt storage facility you have here ... shame if it were to catch fire .
nice governmwnt storage facility you have here ... shame if it were to catch fire .
you deserve more upvotes .
spoiler tags are broken
even the date and time he got killed is blacked out
so you read it as morgan freeman .
do n't tell me what to do
do n't tell me what to do
brendan frasier ?
god will be played by james mason .
who was god talking to ?
the implications of this comment are massively scary .
to be fair to nukes . they manage to graduate one of the hardest schools and survive the highest suicide rate in the military .
to be fair to nukes . they manage to graduate one of the hardest schools and survive the highest suicide rate in the military .
you nuke guys are really weird just being honest , 6 months under water do that to you ?
oh god , leadership by attrition was terrible on my ship . then again , its always fun watching mm3 " ive been in the navy for 2.5 years " yelling at mmc shit for brains because they were about to do something absolutely idiodic
thank god they have the ews interlock to keep them from going past po1 . that keeps the bottom 5 from making anyone 's life completely miserable . only mostly miserable .
i bet he would 've compared himself to god had he been a christian . seriously , he had an ego to rival zapp brannigan . the only difference was that jobs actually was good at something ( marketing ) .
ghandi was an egomaniac himself , a racist and an incestuous pedophile . i can n't believe he would willingly compare himself to ghandi either .
ghandi was an egomaniac himself , a racist and an incestuous pedophile . i can n't believe he would willingly compare himself to ghandi either .
yeah , but you would n't believe how many people still believe he is as big as gandhi , maybe even bigger .
when did he compare himself to gandhi ?
at least he made some very decent products . tim cook has no idea what the hell he 's doing .
they 're not widespread in the uk either sadly . very common in mainland europe .
most modern windows are spring loaded slide up , or slide sideways , particularly because the window screen , and the ability to easily put an ac unit in them if wanted .
most modern windows are spring loaded slide up , or slide sideways , particularly because the window screen , and the ability to easily put an ac unit in them if wanted .
they can if they want to . it 's not like they 're illegal . fancy windows are more expensive and most americans just do n't care .
nor australians
when i was in europe as an exchange student i thought the windows were amazing . the families i stayed with said the same thing .
" the prius is silent under 5 mph , he really deserves the win "
fuckin savage
fuckin savage
he deserves to win .
driving a newer car is awful when people are walking biking in front of you . you either honk and look like an inpatient asshole or tread behind pissing the drivers off behind you .
you 're telling me this is elon musk 's purpose with ai cars ? !
just rename it trump credit agency . that way , no matter what happens at least 1 3 rd of the country will believe anything bad about it is a lie .
only because ' furry balls plopped menacingly on the desk ' was already taken .
only because ' furry balls plopped menacingly on the desk ' was already taken .
go fuck yourself . edit : it 's a south park reference people . __url__
or the washington nationals in the playoffs credit agency
but then they could n't ever change their name
this was a god damn perfect execution of satire . you either get it or you 're offended .
how have you never heard of tropic thunder ?
how have you never heard of tropic thunder ?
survive
i gets excited about my foods , is all .
at least he never went full retard .
do n't worry , it 's only when you are sleeping and only on the inside of your mouth .
' room 101 ' , the torture room from 1984 was where they torture people with their own phobia , such as rats eating their face . i guess she did n't like cockroaches .
' room 101 ' , the torture room from 1984 was where they torture people with their own phobia , such as rats eating their face . i guess she did n't like cockroaches .
the real til .
only when you start to resemble food . think on that for a moment .
i 've been bit by a roach before , it stings a little but its not too bad .
its largely a non issue . elections canada is responsible for maintaining boundaries , they report to parliament directly . things change over time but its never political .
there was a reason this was illegal for most of the age of america ... nixon should have a statue of him lit on fire every day for the rest of time ..
there was a reason this was illegal for most of the age of america ... nixon should have a statue of him lit on fire every day for the rest of time ..
eh ... i seem to remember the bc liberals telling elections bc that they were n't allowed to remove rural seats ( even though they do n't have the population to justify keeping them )
pei is a major example of gerrymandering , federally .
if they say it on wikipedia then it must be true . even if no source is provided . s
i would still stick with " loose lips " , just a different set .
fucking ace .
fucking ace .
its all in the hipssss its all in the hipssss
hey man , whatever floats your boat .
more sailing , for the nailing .
emilio estevez is also martin sheen 's son .
do n't you think they look pretty similar on the outside ?
do n't you think they look pretty similar on the outside ?
and their names are actually ramon and carlos estevez
how could you not know this ? they 've been in movies together .
his real name is carlos estevan . the sheen name just sounds more hollywoody
his ted talk about it summarizes it very nicely .
the rodney mullen vs dawon song videos are incredible . worth tracking down if you are interested . burned out a vhs from watching it so many times .
the rodney mullen vs dawon song videos are incredible . worth tracking down if you are interested . burned out a vhs from watching it so many times .
rodney mullen is the goat
rodney is a wonder , but is n't he considered the godfather of trick skating ? maybe i 'm wrong , but was n't there a style that we thought was all his own ? it was n't urban ( or suburban ) rampage , it was a straight finesse thing .
try not to create any more street skating tricks on your way to the roof !
" twenty thousand leagues in a lateral direction while submerged in one of several oceans "
twenty thousand leagues , under the sea . fixed
twenty thousand leagues , under the sea . fixed
way better than the original working title though : " 20,000 leagues traveled underneath the surface of the sea , while always keeping a good distance above the sea floor ( we traveled through the ocean , but never underneath it and rarely above it ) . "
as a frenchman , it means the same in french ( " under and " while beneath " )
wikipedia article says the original french version ended with a plural . so twenty thousand leagues under the seven seas .
wow now it makes all sense
til the whole world except germany kills doggos .
til the whole world except germany kills doggos .
not all . i 've found that americans as a community do a lot to organize non kill shelters , including those who have foster systems .
often , yes , but not always . more no kill shelters exist now . but it 's still hard , especially when you have a glut of pit bulls along with a massive stigma against them in the culture .
i watched lady and the tramp ( " susi und strolch " in german ) a lot as a kid and never got the dramatic tone of the animal shelter scene . did n't realize what was going till i was thinking about it as a grown up .
taiwan , france , usa , bulgaria , south africa , and the last one was n't specified , in case anyone was wondering .
stereotypically speaking , russia is that guy at the party who drinks too much and wants to fight everyone . poland is the one who shows up far more drunk than he looks , finds a quiet place to drink with his friends , then finally gets drunk enough to socialize .
stereotypically speaking , russia is that guy at the party who drinks too much and wants to fight everyone . poland is the one who shows up far more drunk than he looks , finds a quiet place to drink with his friends , then finally gets drunk enough to socialize .
or north dakota ?
i think russia does n't even bother testing because if someone 's even remotely tipsy it 's already above 1
they stopped recording those in russian , they could not afford the paper nor lab tests .
it 's both here .
when king was writing cujo there were n't any 24 oz cans of beer , a ' tall boy ' was a 16 oz can .
when king was writing cujo there were n't any 24 oz cans of beer , a ' tall boy ' was a 16 oz can .
depends on the beer here
around here we call both 16oz cans tallboys and the 24oz cans tallboys , or master cylinders depending on who you ask .
that 's a man can .
leicester broke football
end of an era ... of memes .
end of an era ... of memes .
spurs will be extra gutted if arsenal win next week and still finish with more trophies than them after having their worse season for 21 years .
another tradition broken : arsenal will not get beaten by bayern in the knockout round
klopp played two strikers in starting 11 .
wow . never seen the words " spontaneously ejaculated " as much as i have reading up on this guy .
jesus fuck . do n't make the mistake of reading the wiki article about this guy . fucking hell . i 'm not sure i 've read about a more depraved person before .
jesus fuck . do n't make the mistake of reading the wiki article about this guy . fucking hell . i 'm not sure i 've read about a more depraved person before .
science recently points to the possibility that yes , yes he could have .
earplugs could dash that finale of pleasure .
... it was k rtens for this guy .
do n't say it like that then ? the protein has many aliases .
this is the funniest shit i 've heard in a long time ...
this is the funniest shit i 've heard in a long time ...
doctor eggman was right to go after sonic
do they want to start a meme war ? because that 's how you start a meme war .
at least they will have coverage to know how sonic their hedgehog is , for me i 'd get a doctor in a tiny vest explaining my healthcare was in another castle .
well all of this info is about 1300 years old .
yes , same age as our flat earth .
yes , same age as our flat earth .
uh , kinda . except that 6000 years ago there was no christianity or islam . it 'd be accurate to say like 1400 years old though .
by judaism , the world is about 5000 years old christianity started being a thing 2000 years ago islam started being a thing about 1400 years ago so no , it 's not 6000 years
til 6000 years ago
is alex really more well known as tarzan than as eric northman from true blood ?
they 're the baldwins of skarsgards !
they 're the baldwins of skarsgards !
love the skarsgards , the whole lot of them . stellan did such an amazing job playing the main antagonist in the girl with the dragon tattoo .
their brother valter is also an actor , he 's an even creepier looking version of bill .
svornborg skarsgard , meanwhile , is a moderately successful accountant .
he did n't discriminate , he would wipe out entire populations regardless of their religious affiliation .
its also much easier to keep a conquered area happy ( and not need to leave a huge number or troops behind ) by letting them do what they had been doing . the persians back in the time of darius did the same thing .
its also much easier to keep a conquered area happy ( and not need to leave a huge number or troops behind ) by letting them do what they had been doing . the persians back in the time of darius did the same thing .
it 's all good as long as the tributes keep coming and we get to select your leaders . the real seat of power is that yurt right outside town .
explains why tengrists have such a low conversion threshold in ckii .
still was an a1 psychopath
i ve afraid of that for a while . when ever i do a sudden movement i get a head ache . it s best just to lie around and do nothing if i have any understanding of the situation .
to be honest , not moving puts you at risk of getting the clot in the first place . better to keep going fast . sanic do n't get no dvts .
to be honest , not moving puts you at risk of getting the clot in the first place . better to keep going fast . sanic do n't get no dvts .
exercise : the silent killer
a friend died recently from a blood clot . 40yrs old , pescatarian , seemed healthy enough . then this out of nowhere scary shit .
if you think about it , she 's a writer . the amount of time she spends stationary puts her at risk for this . moving is how to prevent it .
so not only is batman gay but when he briefly got involved with a woman he turned her gay too ?
i thought batman had something going on with catwoman , that also happen ?
i thought batman had something going on with catwoman , that also happen ?
til batman is ross .
he had a character literally made just for him and he can n't get the girl .
the j . h . williams iii and w . hayden blackman run of batwoman was pretty damn good .
where does it say genocide in your link ?
arguably invented them in the boer war too
arguably invented them in the boer war too
it s just 1950s . years aren t automatically possessive nor are they contractions .
this post title is basically slander . completely false .
not the 1st the spanish used camps in cuba in 1899 . thought uk used them 1st but found out about the spanish using them 1st a couple of years ago . still bad we used them .
i was watching a prison documentary the other day , and the number of inmates who were under 30 with 5 kids ( and long sentences , meaning the state has to raise them all ) was absolutely mind boggling .
they employ my bf 's mother 's logic of " if you wait until you can afford kids you 'll never have them . " i fail to understand how she thinks that will convince us ...
they employ my bf 's mother 's logic of " if you wait until you can afford kids you 'll never have them . " i fail to understand how she thinks that will convince us ...
they 're probably using idiocracy logic .
there was a thread on r sex yesterday about using microscope as form of contraception . that 's how .
you know how some people will say something stupid and everyone will realise it 's stupid , including the person who said it , but they 'll just double down and insist that they meant it all along ? people do the same thing with having children .
it 's time to fuck up the timeline again .
run barry , run !
run barry , run !
thanks , other barry .
r flashtv
you can n't lock up the darknesh
i like that she used the word hoss .
why does it seem that musicians and small aircraft are such a deadly combination ?
why does it seem that musicians and small aircraft are such a deadly combination ?
ugh , it 's painful how she died way , way too early . patsy cline was incredibly talented .
" hey need a ride ? " " i 'm gonna die one day . " " uhh ok , still need a ride ? "
ironically , dotted west later died from injuries sustained in a car crash .
because alcohol is a drug and broccoli is a vegetable ...
broccoli is a vegetable , alcohol is a drug
broccoli is a vegetable , alcohol is a drug
alcohol is a drug , one of the most dangerous drugs at that . broccoli is a vegetable .
in the same way that broccoli is just an example of a vegetable , alcohol is also an example of a drug . if you still do n't get it reply to this comment with ' oh ok ' and another user will come along shortly to provide another explanation .
i think he means " drugs alcohol " i 'd like saying " vegetables broccoli " , because alcohol is a drug just like broccoli is a vegetable .
do n't forget decapitating the engineers of the first bridge
' the ancients really had some outstanding names ' . xerxes , to shodan .
' the ancients really had some outstanding names ' . xerxes , to shodan .
who knew poseidon was into s and m
well duh , of course the second bridge stayed up fine , the stupid river had learned its lesson by then that s what the lashes were for ... :p
this tale was recorded by a greek historian ( herodotus ) . the greeks were enemies of the persians . maybe he made it up to make the persians look like mad idiots .
that was back in the days of " do n't use any real personal information online " . oh times have changed .
i have that on gmail , an account with my actual first name and another with the shortened version of it , and to this day i 'm so ridiculously thankful i got an early invite and could manage that ( fairly common names ) .
i have that on gmail , an account with my actual first name and another with the shortened version of it , and to this day i 'm so ridiculously thankful i got an early invite and could manage that ( fairly common names ) .
everyone 's first email is cringy . mine first one was 22 characters long : freshprinceofdetroit 12 yahoo.com
icedfire 98
same . i really , really wish that i had a professional sounding email address .
the fuckin motto
never heard it said this well ... 3months left till terminal
never heard it said this well ... 3months left till terminal
catch 22 at work again
that 's why you leave a mess before cleaning time , so you have something to do
unless you have a sham shield
there still a fair bit of bitterness about those goddamned trains here in denmark .
he tried to save dsb from the horrors that the products of ansaldobreda were . had the electrification of the danish main lines started earlier , there would have been a sufficient choice . there are few diesel powered train sets for long distances .
he tried to save dsb from the horrors that the products of ansaldobreda were . had the electrification of the danish main lines started earlier , there would have been a sufficient choice . there are few diesel powered train sets for long distances .
this needs to have the choo choos of europe tag too !
i wonder when we 'll get rid of the legacy of that man . i guess he must go first for that to happen . and who knows when that 'll be .
going with ansaldobreda is generally considered one of the bigger blunders of the dutch ns . and most likely the belgian nmbs as well .
i wish the best for your father
he can n't do both ?
he can n't do both ?
i 'm glad he listened . i hope he kicks cancer 's ass . 3
if he keeps insisting for the diet , then you keep insisting " if alternative medicine worked it would just be called medicine " i wish you the best of luck with your father !
glad you talked sense into him . good luck to your family !
like kilimanjaro rises above the serengetiiiii
i bless lorraine down in aaaaafffriicccaaaaaa
i bless lorraine down in aaaaafffriicccaaaaaa
i member !
spent too many years convinced it was " i guess the rains down in africccaaaaa "
thanks , just choked on my coffee with that one .
really ? god damn what an idiot .
on the next episode of stupid , frivolous lawsuits .
on the next episode of stupid , frivolous lawsuits .
if he paid a lawyer .. the only one he hurt was himself . dumbest goddamn thing i can believe to be true without thinking twice . i only believe it because of how litigious our society is , and that is a damned shame .
sorta unrelated but something that bothers me is that giant anteaters appear in one of the songs , but they are n't even native to africa
casting bobcat goldthwait as a hyena was spot on though .
imagine if the enterprise had actually flown missions to space .
if i ever become an astronaut and go to the iss , i want to hear zapp brannigan on my final day .
if i ever become an astronaut and go to the iss , i want to hear zapp brannigan on my final day .
and here 's a link to said wake up call
regardless which captain is your favorite , that would be a kickass way to wake up . ( full disclosure : both tos kirk and picard , although tbh i love all of them . the reboots never happened . )
was patrick stewart busy ?
the choice of trojan as a name for a condom brand continues to become more and more appropriate .
i 'm calling bullshit . in the story helen was married to agamemnon but promised to paris . she absconds with the trojans , causing agamemnon to rally the greeks to get her back . not this horsefuckery of overpopulation .
i 'm calling bullshit . in the story helen was married to agamemnon but promised to paris . she absconds with the trojans , causing agamemnon to rally the greeks to get her back . not this horsefuckery of overpopulation .
i 'd say someone is asleep at the wheel then . what 's today 's population ?
if i learned anything about greek mythology , is that zeus could n't keep it in his pants .
cool ! so where is zeus lately ?
... and kellyanne conway .
happens to me all the time . " gah . i would have to educate this fucking idiot on like 30 different things . ( usually logic in general ) " then i just tell them to read a book and give up
happens to me all the time . " gah . i would have to educate this fucking idiot on like 30 different things . ( usually logic in general ) " then i just tell them to read a book and give up
also progressives
__url__
from their perspective , each point is infallible .
another lopsided rivalry in professional sports is keenan allen vs injury .
in contrast the ravens are 18 18 against the steelers since 2000 . disclaimer : i 'm drunk and counted quickly . do n't kill me if i 'm off by 1 .
in contrast the ravens are 18 18 against the steelers since 2000 . disclaimer : i 'm drunk and counted quickly . do n't kill me if i 'm off by 1 .
bengals last playoff loss was the steelers , browns last playoff loss was the steelers , blue jackets last playoff loss was the penguins . if you 're an ohio contact sports fan the pittsburgh teams are the guy you just can n't beat .
hey op , shut up
meanwhile , the cardinals vs seahawks all time record is 18 17 1 .
probably why he was the main antagonist of the live action movie , cheap and easy heat .
he was such an annoying little shit .
he was such an annoying little shit .
i doubt he even rated a three on the jar jar binks scale of repugnancy .
i remember him as whiny but i did n't hate him . edit : a letter ( spelling )
people hated scrappy doo ?
this a til thing for me . i always thought only an ordained priest could carry out such things
yeah but that 's like only in emergencies and the likes . a layman cannot go and baptize people willy nilly .
yeah but that 's like only in emergencies and the likes . a layman cannot go and baptize people willy nilly .
a layman can only do it if the person is in danger of death .
what about exorcisms ?
lutherans too
fifth of a gallon or 750ml for you non moon landers . edit : thank you very much for the gold . my first .
a fifth of a gallon . about 75 cl .
a fifth of a gallon . about 75 cl .
a 750 ml bottle is roughly a fifth of a gallon , hence the terminology .
750ml bottle . a handle is a 1.75 ml bottle . edit : 1.75 l it 's not 7am yet , i have n't had coffee
1 5 th of a gallon , about 750ml
i think it would be not being able to tell if there was bugs in my food . how could you ever enjoy a meal like that ?
sitting on a toilet and not knowing there was a plunger in it .
sitting on a toilet and not knowing there was a plunger in it .
wiping your butt
it beats being lazy .
non 24
the admiral has to be one of the dopest nicknames in basketball , specially given the context .
i always heard that he did n't even like basketball very much , but he was just so good at it that he kept at it until he went pro
i always heard that he did n't even like basketball very much , but he was just so good at it that he kept at it until he went pro
try to imagine a guy who went through four years of college and having a multi year obligation to the navy even getting drafted in the first round today , let alone 1st overall .
also , steve buscemi was a volunteer astronaut during the armageddon asteroid .
i applied to the usna back in the day and they told us the height limit was 6 ' 6 " because you had to be able to fit in a submarine and david robinson was the only exception they 'd ever made . height privilege smh .
and there 's a small section of the navajo nation in the hopi nation that 's already in the navajo nation . so there 's a pocket that observes dst in a pocket that does n't , in a pocket that does , in a state that does n't .
dst is one of those things this country has kept just for the sake of keeping it . it 's really dumb and it fucks up people 's sleep schedules . this is one of the few things my state is doing right .
dst is one of those things this country has kept just for the sake of keeping it . it 's really dumb and it fucks up people 's sleep schedules . this is one of the few things my state is doing right .
i 'm from arizona and i did n't know that .
what about the frog on the log ?
cgp grey taught me this !
i 'm told there 's one in an unassuming warehouse i know in terre haute , indiana with a small car collection . told me it still ran as of 10 years ago , and it idles so smoothly you can balance a nickel on edge on the air intake . never saw it in person .
i love his channel . the heat from the exhaust gets reused to the point that the exhaust is cool enough to hold on to .
i love his channel . the heat from the exhaust gets reused to the point that the exhaust is cool enough to hold on to .
hahah just finished watching that ! amazing how quiet it is
i 'd give almost anything to spend a day with him in his garage . i 'm not a big leno fan overall , but the guy knows the shit out of automotive history , and has probably the best collection of unique cars on earth .
but how does he fit his chin inside the car ?
the technical term is faggot . and you 're thinking of hotmale.com .
20,000 pieces of junk mail going into your inbox from hotmail .
20,000 pieces of junk mail going into your inbox from hotmail .
lmao roasted
2 bundles of dicks .
2 sides of the same coin
at first i thought " ... oh , so that 's why " . but after a few seconds , i 'm amazed she overcame so much . good for her .
you do n't need to tell us that it also went through her skull if you 've already told us that it went into her brain . that 's like the only way for that to happen .
you do n't need to tell us that it also went through her skull if you 've already told us that it went into her brain . that 's like the only way for that to happen .
she also reunited with her child years later and make her a production assistant on her show
that would be around 1968 , the same year that regulations were introduced requiring hood ornaments to be " pedestrian safe " .
i know giving a shit about how one writes is a long lost battle , but sweet baby jeezus this headline .
i want to get up and get my kid to school , then instead of going home and passing out like a bum , go get me some chicken and waffles . that would make my life better .
why do you think so many of us despise scott walker ?
why do you think so many of us despise scott walker ?
i miss all those waffle houses in mississippi ! i moved to pennsylvania years ago now , and they do n't even know what a waffle house is . honestly though , food is not pa 's strong point all around . im making myself sad .
most of the states up north lack waffle houses . it 's really quite depressing .
get a life and eat at the good eateries open past 10 , c'mon man ! ! !
you 'd think bart would be more fearful of moe , given his profession " bart ender "
yeah , i 'm looking for amanda huggenkiss please .
yeah , i 'm looking for amanda huggenkiss please .
so there really was a hugh jass ?
anyone know the last simpson 's episode that actually featured a bart prank call to moe 's ? seems like ancient history now .
but did bart ever get his copy of battletoads ?
and some people think it was actually some cosmic shift in timelines that caused it to happen . i shit you not . __url__
when i was a kid , i thought the word was " twister . " it actually made sense to me .
when i was a kid , i thought the word was " twister . " it actually made sense to me .
also , the singer sang in deep purple before whitesnake .
back in the late 90s , i was living in germany , and we became regulars at this little basement bar . they had a copy of the ' hobo ' version and played it at least once a weekend .
the folk song " hallelujah , i 'm a bum " was changed to " hallelujah , i 'm a tramp " in england . there the word bum is slang for butt .
that 's exactly what a filthy capitalist would say
an important initial step of communism is either killing or exiling those who openly rebel against the government , according to conventional marxism leninism systems .
an important initial step of communism is either killing or exiling those who openly rebel against the government , according to conventional marxism leninism systems .
i would say the numbers are so big thanks to stalin and mao . without them , the number of victims would be probably much lower , although i think that communism would still remain the deadliest regime .
" we 've murdered far less people than other people ! " boom : moral superiority .
just here for the popcorn , folks . edit : what 's the over under on how long it will take before they lock the thread ?
they should tell the world how they solved homelessness this sounds like it could be great for a lot of people
and suddenly the organ demand was fulfilled .
and suddenly the organ demand was fulfilled .
its bad , but sydney did that as well . just suddenly they all disappeared during the olympics , not many people ask or even know . imo , its far from the worst thing you could do . i 'm sure many hosts did the same .
they may not have had a lot of homeless people , but they had tons of soylent greens
is n't that crazy how they had a homeless problem but they also have bunch of " ghost cities " and keep on developing them
so outside of the us it goes ground , 1st , 2nd , instead of 1st 2nd 3rd ?
i think they 're generally interchangeable in the u . s .
i think they 're generally interchangeable in the u . s .
til not in the us the 1st floor is called the ground floor .
imperial system strikes back !
in singapore , street level 1 . fwiw this bothers me because having a ground floor makes sense . mathematically it 's an elegant substitute for zero . basements go 1 , 2 ...
it 's almost as if the people interested in this stuff are complete whackos !
or as if some of the people who like it do n't understand it properly ...
or as if some of the people who like it do n't understand it properly ...
it 's just for fun . i enjoy astrology because i find it empowering , not because i accept it as fact .
nearly all the stuff they say about each one is applicable on everyone else .
almost as if people are trying to discredit it by pretending to believe in it ...
einstein seemed pretty normal . and being a little essentric is n't an excuse for being an asshole
bertrand russell .
bertrand russell .
kanye .
elon musk ? he seems pretty grounded in reality .
there 's crazy and there 's batshit insane . tesla was in love with a pigeon ..
always repeat an experiment with multiple trials
make sure to vet your new hires thoroughly
make sure to vet your new hires thoroughly
" do n't be an idiot . "
just because someone accomplished something , does n't mean they 're competent ? maybe ?
the overreliance on standardized testing ?
for comparison , nothing happened to justin timberlake .
for bonus points , despite being the most searched term , event , and image in history , jawed karim said that his frustration at being unable to find clips of the incident led him to create youtube .
for bonus points , despite being the most searched term , event , and image in history , jawed karim said that his frustration at being unable to find clips of the incident led him to create youtube .
literally no one fucking called this nipplegate . stop with that shit .
america 's reaction to a female nipple on national television , and america electing trump as their president , are probably the two biggest things that i may never wrap my head around .
did we seriously call it " nipplegate " ? i always heard " wardrobe malfunction . "
tried to tell my family about this shit when she came up in conversation . my sister basically told me not to believe everything i hear . but just believe everything that the church says about mother theresa ... uh huh .
they sure as hell did not mention any of this during religious studies or history classes . we were all taught how saintly and good this person is .
they sure as hell did not mention any of this during religious studies or history classes . we were all taught how saintly and good this person is .
now now , it seems like you bought into hitchen 's rhetoric , hook , line and sinker .
it is rather amazing that she became popular because of colour television .
she was a catholic nun . as someone who grew up going to schools run by catholic convents , they are all like that . since they are not happy , they try to take away whatever little happiness anyone else has .
it is assault . but assault might sound like a one time event , whereas bullying is more of a systematic and sustained torment .
this is something i have never understood . if it happened outside of school , they would be arrested for assault and probably get jail time . but if you assault someone inside school , it 's just bullying and it 's totally normal . wtf ?
this is something i have never understood . if it happened outside of school , they would be arrested for assault and probably get jail time . but if you assault someone inside school , it 's just bullying and it 's totally normal . wtf ?
too late , in my experience .
i do n't understand this . the word " bully " has always included physical violence as part of its definition . calling it bullying is n't sugarcoating it at all .
when the bullied kid fights back , then it would be an assault .
it 'd be really impressive if he also envisioned the sentence at the exact middle
john irving says he has his final line written before he begins writing a novel too
john irving says he has his final line written before he begins writing a novel too
funny , i always read the last line in a novel first .
and then in between , the line : " and then the murders began . "
catch 22 has a really unsatisfying ending if i remember . iirc he gets out of the hospital and the girl is outside and slashes at him and runs off . is that right ? it 's been like 7 8 years .
i do n't know why you would buy these though , when you 're done mining with it you wont even be able to sell it into the second hand gaming market .
lol of course they release it just as mining crashed again .
lol of course they release it just as mining crashed again .
ha damn those prices . i guess it 's only fair given what the market has done to regular cards but still ...
they actually did it , huh . well , hope whoever buys them is real confident in mining .
dont know why you would be buying these over gaming gpu 's . unless these are readily available and the 500 series continues to have stock issues there is no way this is a good buy .
hate when that happens
can the cancer kill the cancer before the cancer kills you ?
can the cancer kill the cancer before the cancer kills you ?
it seems like they should be more properly called metatumors .
r yasuomains r fizzmains
i feel that this would be the opportune time for the doctor to open the conversation with " now , you are n't going to believe this shit ... "
are n't most murder suicides ?
it 's treason , then .
it 's treason , then .
welcome to imperial japan !
it 's treason then .
that is what desperation does to people and empires
yeah , people who are insane tend to do shit like that .
j . d . salinger 's life was never quite the same after that day
j . d . salinger 's life was never quite the same after that day
you have to wonder whether he was able to concentrate or just kept reading the same sentence over and over again .
monarch programming . what else would he do . job done .
i so wish john never moved to the us . the amount of great musicians who have been shot there is insane .
there 's something about the actress . she 's kinda hot , but then sometimes , she 's kinda strange looking .
not to be confused with the brother and sister on dexter 's lab . a much funnier show .
not to be confused with the brother and sister on dexter 's lab . a much funnier show .
pretty sure michael c hall also had cancer during a season or two
nice
sis 's best line , which still puts me in stitches : " well , fuck me in both ears ! " .
the genocide of indian people during their conquests and rule by muslims is something that has n't received enough attention in the west . it was probably the worst oppression and slaughter to have ever taken place .
wait , this isnt about drugs ?
wait , this isnt about drugs ?
this is a myth . it is persianized of indicus . caucasus indicus is what greeks called the mountains . meaning indian caucasia . __url__
no it does n't it means hindu line as in hindus were n't found past here .
kush means " happiness "
haha , hell yeah she is !
in australia it means handsome . kinda like hunk
in australia it means handsome . kinda like hunk
were n't they calling tracer " spunky " or " full of spunk " when overwatch was released ? i remember reading that and i was like " uhh .. do they know the slang meaning of the word ? "
eh , it primarily connotes a kind of attitude ( chutzpah ) , in virtue of which it 's often coextensive with being energetic enthusiastic .
yeah , blizzard used this kind of phrase with tracer ( british character ) . lets say it did n't go as planned ( rule 34 ) .
you 've obviously never heard of super mayor .
in local councils in the uk the mayor is nominated by the council . i only know of the mayor of london being voted
in local councils in the uk the mayor is nominated by the council . i only know of the mayor of london being voted
in some places they are appointed by a unitary government rather than elected .
most mayors are appointed by the local council rather than election in the uk . lord mayors are appointed by letters patent from the sovereign .
he was govt . appointed . there is a structure too . and there is an elected mayor too . may i remind u , i am not from usa .
i ll raise my hand here . she consistently has given a platform to pseudoscience hucksters , but when pressed about it , shrugs it off by saying something along the lines of i m just trying to inform people about what s out there
comedian doug stanhope has an interesting stance on her .
comedian doug stanhope has an interesting stance on her .
i dont . she just gets people to cry on air because its good for ratings .
i don t like her . but i respect the hell out of her . i would not vote for her for president though . for governor or senator ? sure . but no more amateurs in the white house , please .
about 15 years ago she claimed she was discriminated against by a french boutique because the shop would n't stay open just for her . that was weird . like all billionaires , she lives in a bubble .
possibly the first but far from the last documented case of a bitch interrupting a bunch of guys playing an intense first person shooter .
we just had the reenactment of the battle of germantown . it was pretty rad , lots of musket fire and cannon blasts . disappointingly , no terrier induced cease fires . 7 10 the house is cool though . if you live in the area i recommend taking the tour .
we just had the reenactment of the battle of germantown . it was pretty rad , lots of musket fire and cannon blasts . disappointingly , no terrier induced cease fires . 7 10 the house is cool though . if you live in the area i recommend taking the tour .
good guy general washington .
i feel like whichever side the dog went to should have won
i 've heard this story before , but just realized that i 've never learned the name of the commander in chief of the british forces during the american revolution . william howe , 5th viscount howe , was the guy washington beat to create the usa . it was his dog .
genocide african people
the gap is named after the founders , who were the " gap " in gary puckett the union gap after they left the music business .
the gap is named after the founders , who were the " gap " in gary puckett the union gap after they left the music business .
you 're
why do people always call it the gap ? is n't it just gap ? edit : turns out it used to be called the gap until the mid 80 ' s . til .
no because honduras is in latin america ...
but why even bother with potentially dodging forensics when you ultimately have the power to determine two shots to the head and no weapon at the scene was a suicide ?
you could make an ice knife , more feasible than a ice gun or ice bullet .
you could make an ice knife , more feasible than a ice gun or ice bullet .
a knife is sharpened steel . they 're not exactly hard to create or destroy . r bladesmith
kill ' em with an icicle . easier than figuring out how to shoot ice bullets .
would n't it be simpler to make a bullet designed to explode or deform to the point where it cannot be identified ? i mean , using something weird like ice bullet technology would still link back to organizations institutions that have ice bullet technology .
what else are they going to call it ?
in brazil , brazil nuts are just called nuts . at least that 's what the simpsons taught me .
in brazil , brazil nuts are just called nuts . at least that 's what the simpsons taught me .
no shit , sherlock .
big if true
told to me by a high school dropout ( so maybe do n't fully believe him ? idk ) apparently they also teach you that the north south came together to fight off the american invaders .
you know depression is some real shit when being handsome , rich and famous is n't enough to overcome it .
wow
wow
seems a bit insensitive to post this
here 's a dramatic reenactment
they would have played the role in almost the exact same way , so no big change there . good choice on the casting actually to pick an actor who would still remain true to the original vision .
somewhere at comcast an executive just spit coffee through his nose .
then maybe they should interact with them . :)
then maybe they should interact with them . :)
as do the people business owners employ
does n't mean they like them
you will n't believe how this business owner makes a living
fun fact , even though the west wing ended in 2006 , the character of matthew santos , played by jimmy smits in the final season , was based on barack obama . the writers liked his speech at the 2004 democratic convention so much they wrote him into the show .
i know josh lyman was modeled after rahm emmanuel and you 're probably thinking of santos being modeled after obama . the west wing started airing in 2000 ( ? ) , so bartlett probably was n't modeled after obama
i know josh lyman was modeled after rahm emmanuel and you 're probably thinking of santos being modeled after obama . the west wing started airing in 2000 ( ? ) , so bartlett probably was n't modeled after obama
he 's more of a mesh of clinton and carter
santos was modelled after obama when he was a senator .
santos is like conspicuously obama .
i see your point .
as a kid , when superman iv came out i loved it . iii was horrible to me . added bonus for iv jon cryer kept the same dumb hair dye job from hiding out .
as a kid , when superman iv came out i loved it . iii was horrible to me . added bonus for iv jon cryer kept the same dumb hair dye job from hiding out .
i do n't know , i got pretty excited when they said the title of the movie in the movie .
i went to see superman iv in the theater with my dad . i was 11 . half way through , he looks at me and just says really loud , " this fucking sucks . " i nod , and we bug out . the theater laughed it 's ass off . it remains the only movie i 've ever walked out of .
if superman iv were made today , it 's ' quest for peace ' message would get it 20 bonus metacritic points .
this is a pretty hip topic .
so why are they lizard hipped if they 're birds ?
so why are they lizard hipped if they 're birds ?
til : dinosaurs were hip before hipsters .
so birds are dinosaurs ? edit : " birds evolved from dinosaurs with ' lizard hips ' " edit 2 : birds are dinosaurs !
i had a dinosaur poster that said something to this effect when i was a kid . i always assumed it was a misprint .
rude .
woulda helped if the usaf did n't fly the same route at the same time for days , much easier to find someone sneaking in if you know relatively where and exactly when to look .
woulda helped if the usaf did n't fly the same route at the same time for days , much easier to find someone sneaking in if you know relatively where and exactly when to look .
then the us bombed a chinese embassy because they had pieces to the f 117
invisible to radar , not people .
does anybody know if this is what the movie behind enemy lines was based off of ?
one of my very most favorite movies , growing up . tom waits as a non lethal arms dealer ? come on , that 's just great !
something something i am the spleen .
something something i am the spleen .
all three of you get updoots for my favourite scene !
oobdoots for all !
uptoot
same out in arizona . there 's a fun local story from the gila river valley about 4 pows escaping , planning on going to the river and following it south , and when they get there they found out the gila river does n't exist most of the time .
just signs at the perimeter : " good luck with the bears and wolves ! "
just signs at the perimeter : " good luck with the bears and wolves ! "
riding mountain park in manitoba has the remains of a pow camp .
any idea where it was ?
i mean even if they did escape good luck getting back to europe
yeah , because it is liberty or death .
there were no deaths
there were no deaths
what is it with posts about no construction deaths now ?
sheds a single tear ' murica
we should never stop building statues of liberties if thats the case .
r britishproblems
they work in lidl now
they work in lidl now
the fucking parking meter outside my local tescos !
i mean the 2p machines in scarborough still do n't accept the new 10 pences , and we 've had them since 2008 , so i 'm not really holding out much hope for the new fivers and quids working any time soon .
my eyes are shite and i keep thinking its a two quid
i buy a window made of glass , he buy a window made of glass
bill gates
bill gates
back in 1995 this was true .
steal a man 's window once , he cant see you steal it again .
i like my privacy . probably why i do n't have widows .
i loved my kids , but i love money more !
money definitely helps .
money definitely helps .
it helps to pay for therapy .
some of the victims lived and were injured and may need the money for medical bills , rehab , etc .
yess money !
yeah , honestly i just kinda want a milkshake now
the cold from a milkshake can make your vocal chords tight . a lot of voice people drink warm beverages ( tea coffee hot toddy ) to " loosen up " .
the cold from a milkshake can make your vocal chords tight . a lot of voice people drink warm beverages ( tea coffee hot toddy ) to " loosen up " .
haha yeah for real i 'd opt for the milkshake then
semen would probably be even more effective .
milkshake with raw eggs in it . best of both .
i think i can live with that .
hold my beer
hold my beer
i believe the female dolphin will fall in love with my more sensitive side though . edit : inb 4 male dolphin in love with my " sensitive side " .
maybe you can n't .
i dunno ... if i fully utilise my human traits and turn up with 5 finger vibrators and go full opposable thumb , i could fist that dolphin bitch till her o twitches takes us both out to sea
sometimes you can n't fight the eeling .
wait , a group of dolphins is a turmoil ? i 'm pretty sure that 's wrong , but i really want it to be true
wait , a group of dolphins is a turmoil ? i 'm pretty sure that 's wrong , but i really want it to be true
turn me on with your electric feel .
__url__
they can also be called a pod or a herd , but you chose turmoil . r madlads
after the war , germans were forced to clear minefields as well .
a friend 's grandfather has a limping leg because the british did the same to him at the end of war when he was 15 .
a friend 's grandfather has a limping leg because the british did the same to him at the end of war when he was 15 .
i read an article just a couple of days ago about us soldiers in afghanistan ( i think ) throwing candy by the side of the road . either kids would n't go there for the candy ( indicating an ied ) , or they 'd go there and clear it like the captured civilians op refers to .
the russians use to use soldiers to clear them . they 'd be forced to walk with their arms linked in a row . i guess they figured better a person than a tank
is n't humanity great ?
i wonder about the person who first came up with that . they had to have some real issues ...
then you 've got the fucking indians over there scalping folks .
then you 've got the fucking indians over there scalping folks .
you forgot disemboweled , that comes after emasculated .
i thought it was eviscerated ? they burned people 's organs in front of them , apparently . that was only 400 years ago , it 's mad . edit : apparently guy fawkes broke his neck on purpose while he was hanged . smart man .
was n't the quartering done when the person was still alive , tying each limb to a different horse , then having all four hours run in opposite directions to literally rip them apart ?
presidents used to be so badass .
nobody messes with andrew ' action ' jackson .
nobody messes with andrew ' action ' jackson .
now this is stuck in my head : davy , davy crockett king of the wild frontier
i 'm hard pressed to think of a more american til that actually happened
it sounds like something out of a legend lol
it is the homeowners with the big budgets , not toh ... though i do agree that it can get a little crazy occasionally .
that was cool . and how about that bendy plywood they sheathed it with ?
that was cool . and how about that bendy plywood they sheathed it with ?
i liked how he repaired a load bearing floor joist with titebond 3 . admittedly he did put a joist hanger but it seemed like he was think the glue was going to be structural .
ha ! my dad stopped watching the original toh when it became ' too commercial ' . every episode just became a highlight for some new heating element or insulation system . new yankee workshop was gospel in our house .
there 's a million diy shows , i want to see how luxurious shit gets built not a 3 bedroom ranch with ikea kitchen .
r titlegore
thish headline makesh a mockery of englishsh .
thish headline makesh a mockery of englishsh .
johnny stompanado really sounds like someone who would do that .
how stupid do you have to be to pull a gun on sean connery ? you know he 's gonna kick your ass .
jesus this headline . op , do you hate us ?
it also works to remove cat pee from carpets .
you can use peroxide to bleach your hair . in high concentrations it can be used as rocket fuel .
you can use peroxide to bleach your hair . in high concentrations it can be used as rocket fuel .
i have a friend who goes for just about every internet fad there is , and he drinks h2o2 as some sort of tonic ...
it also prevents platelets from forming .
peroxides become explosive over time
i 'm gonna open an isp ... " yrekan 's lan , an anal snakery "
the state motto of california is eureka !
the state motto of california is eureka !
so cool to see my hometown on reddit ! glad to know we are n't forgotten )
my favorite type of post .
well i think that kind of quirkiness is to be admired .
thats it . mr . rogers cant be human . hes too good .
mr . rogers neighborhood is in amazon prime . we 've been watching it with our toddler . we honestly find ourselves watching it and often . sometimes we poke fun at the puppets , but more often than not we get into a discussion about the lesson .
mr . rogers neighborhood is in amazon prime . we 've been watching it with our toddler . we honestly find ourselves watching it and often . sometimes we poke fun at the puppets , but more often than not we get into a discussion about the lesson .
everytime i hear it 's such good feeling it makes my throat well up more than any bach symphony ever could .
home recording would have been an absolute benefit to the purposes of his program . had his motivations been profit , he would have sang a different tune , both for recording and in his tv show .
vhs recordings were the pirating bit torrent of their day . the networks were terrified of them .
mao did it 60 years ago . so , no , it does n't work only once .
not if you do n't let anyone know what happened the first time round .
not if you do n't let anyone know what happened the first time round .
it 's not genius though . it 's an abuse of power , sure , but it does n't take a rocket scientist to come up with an idea like giving people false hope and punishing them for it .
i mean . this is essentially what 's happening with daca here in us . many self reported and they could be totally screwed over as a result .
they can get away with it , so they do it . they look at countries like the us that allow free speech , and how the media shows its gratitude by shitting all over the government .
after some back and farth they settled on being bilingual . they 're good languages
i 'm a twin . my brother and i had our own small language when we were small . our parents said it drove them nuts .
i 'm a twin . my brother and i had our own small language when we were small . our parents said it drove them nuts .
they were fluent in hnggggggggggggdurrrerrr
glaswegian
the results were eventually they both grew up to program with javascript and both invented different frameworks .
the illusive man strikes again
martin sheen nuked by us government while trespassing would have been a crazy headline .
martin sheen nuked by us government while trespassing would have been a crazy headline .
bartlet for america
imagine if we could have a president like his character in west wing ...
did you know he has been married to the same woman for 56 years ? consecutively , too .
good for the connecticutians to own their boorishness . take that !
yay connecticut ?
yay connecticut ?
i now like connecticut more .
it was years of confusion about the ' called it macaroni ' line until i found out that ' macaroni ' was old timey slang for a fashionable gent .
yankee doodle , you mean . yankee doodle dandy was written in the 1940 ' s .
wow . i 've never seen the movie . i watched the scene on mute . that was one of the worst moments of cinema from an aaa movie that i 've ever seen . i saw the mummy remake this weekend .
please kill me so i do n't have to live with the memory of this scene
please kill me so i do n't have to live with the memory of this scene
wow . i challenge someone to post a worse movie scene than that . it may exist , but you 'll have a hard time finding it .
r cringe
epilepsy sends its regards !
there 's no evidence that marco polo ever visited either madagascar or somalia . google : " marco polo 's routes " . it is more likely that he wrote about one and confused it with the other .
talk about a mistake nobody would make now .
talk about a mistake nobody would make now .
he brought more than fine spices and silks from asia .
our world would have many different names if that man had a reliable atlas and could spell , apparently .
marco polo apparently misspelled quite frequently . ( it 's late but that sentence does n't sound right . open for constructive criticism )
" though they cannot perceive it , the humans have never ceased their attempts to destabilize the simulation they live in . "
" mostly harmless . " , i think was it , to save space .
" mostly harmless . " , i think was it , to save space .
sometimes , he watches a movie on tv even though he already owns it on dvd . pointing this out confuses and upsets him .
always gotta ruin a good comment with shitty edits ... come on man
your " edit " is what made me cough up my up vote . take it you filthy bland animal
some day .
nah . also , steaks 3
nah . also , steaks 3
and why would that be ?
username checks out . user also checks out when thinking about societal norms .
" since it 's completely unnecessary . " excuse me , waiter , my hamburger just ran away ! bring it back please ! !
i remember reading that coke was among the companies that fell under the blade runner curse . atari , coca cola , bell , cuisinart , and pan am all featured advertising in the film blade runner and experiences major setbacks after release .
many say " new coke " was just a marketing scheme to boost sales creating a demand for the " classic " coke
many say " new coke " was just a marketing scheme to boost sales creating a demand for the " classic " coke
1986 me remembers it being the most delicious thing ever that my parents would n't let me have .
i was alive for new coke . it was great . i 'd still drink it .
i wish i knew what " new coke " tasted like so i could see why everyone hated it so much
classic narcos
that wikipedia bit on social cleansing by kill prostitutes , child molesters , homosexuals , etc ... wasnt pacho gay ? of course , theres exceptions
that wikipedia bit on social cleansing by kill prostitutes , child molesters , homosexuals , etc ... wasnt pacho gay ? of course , theres exceptions
did they wrap the bodies with sharp wires like they said in narcos ? if so , autopsies would be pretty difficult to conduct
i remember reading about a hitman for the cartels who was interviewed saying that he had to kill a certain amount of people a week in order to keep the population scared and in control .
cali cartel
something 's not quite right with the title , op .
also , the peace sign in the background is missing a piece , technically making it the mercedes logo . i 'm not sure if that was intentional or not .
also , the peace sign in the background is missing a piece , technically making it the mercedes logo . i 'm not sure if that was intentional or not .
politically i 've always identified as marxist of the groucho variety .
je suis marxiste , tendence groucho .
uphold marxist grouchoism
i 'm open to all religious ideologies but i will n't stand for this .
i read it as patrick warburton .
i read it as patrick warburton .
if that 's the case , i hope i never hear god 's voice , ever .
i read it as carrie bradshaw
now i can only read it in gilbert gottfried 's voice . you monster !
take you ambitions to the max !
nice pun .
nice pun .
unless they got microaggressed though , in which case , they can just quit and cry and blame everyone for it .
he was n't being an ass . he did n't want plank to waste his time and talents on a field with only a handful of questions left . better go into bio or chem where a ton of unanswered questions were available .
and never listen to your naysaying professors . in your face , vedamurthy .
so is he circumcised in this analogy then , or is saturn meant to be the rest of his penis ?
happy easter ?
happy easter ?
it makes perfect sense to me
to be fair , if you have ever pressed your genitals against a scanner ...
how do we know what leo thought after he ascended to heaven ?
or 1 troop for every 50 civilians . reduce your fractions ! ! !
just in northern ireland , not ireland .
just in northern ireland , not ireland .
without the americans funding the ira the british army would n't have had all that experience in counter insurgency that we could then pass on to the americans in iraq and afghanistan .
we forget how fucked up this situation was . my friend 's parents gets very nervous if they see any unattended bags anywhere because they remember the fear of all the ira bombings .
what about boston before the american revolution ? kgiii sent 4,000 troops to occupy boston because of the unrest ... only 15,000 lived in boston
they were n't originally written to entertain children they were written to terrify children into following rules . educational psychology sure has changed since the 1240 ' s
the referenced version was a comedic rewrite from 1917 , the original did not have the fire and is from ancient greece .
the referenced version was a comedic rewrite from 1917 , the original did not have the fire and is from ancient greece .
bears can n't even afford pants and hats anymore .
jack and jill , humpty dumpty , old lady in a shoe . they are all trying to tell kids not to fuck around . nursery rhymes have just lost their edge since kids do n't have to do half the things the tales are about . edit : and london bridge is terrifying .
in this one , the dark roots are a direct result of charring .
lawyer here : i think you are misinterpreting the wikipedia article and or that article has been massaged by ford 's pr team . ford absolutely made a cost benefit analysis .
nice try ford ...
nice try ford ...
hollywood still makes us think cars can easily explode
also you could see a starbucks coffee cup in every picture in the pinto brochure .
had a pinto . sold it to a family member and they ran then thing to over 300k miles before they got bored and got something else
they 've been trying to tell us about our impending doom , but we just think they 're doing carnival tricks for our amusement .
and japanese slaughter
and japanese slaughter
and lack of thumbs
they live their whole lives in water , yet they do n't have gills . they do n't seem very smart to me .
they 're not benevolent . they 're just busy killing and raping porpoises .
that and his lunatic father ordering him to bring it back to defend gondor .
yeah , the reason aragon was able to resist was because he had insecurity issues .
yeah , the reason aragon was able to resist was because he had insecurity issues .
one does not simply hang around the one ring and not feel it 's effects .
besides he even gives it back when asked . none of the other characters can trust themselves to do that .
that 's has never stopped me from hating eve . she just had to eat that fucking apple .
it 's what happens when you do n't choose tradition but instead honour all the way
a true psychopath would have been completely indifferent to his own mother 's death and thus would n't have lashed out like that ( except maybe for shits and giggles ) . but shaka certainly was a lesser kind of monster .
a true psychopath would have been completely indifferent to his own mother 's death and thus would n't have lashed out like that ( except maybe for shits and giggles ) . but shaka certainly was a lesser kind of monster .
you 'd do it too if you were shaka zulu dont hate
that 's the way of the zulu . do n't make the world better , just make sure everyone around you has it as bad as you do ...
he does sound that way , a true piece of garbage .
loophole
or a bad loophole
or a bad loophole
the neck is strong in this one
literally a good loop hole haha .
i 'd say it was a subpar loophole
wow
( )
( )
or coinspiracy ?
right on the money
coinspiracy ?
same here and i even joked a lot that html was pronounced " hut mull . " so close , never made the connection .
young me never made the k'nex connection . i thought it was just an arbitrary " cool sounding " brand name , like kleenex .
young me never made the k'nex connection . i thought it was just an arbitrary " cool sounding " brand name , like kleenex .
on the flip side , i was made out to be an idiot for making that connection in highschool 10 years ago . oh well .
it took me years to figure out pok mon pocket monsters . i feel your pain
i do n't even know what html is .
i was always told it was because 18 was the number of shots in a bottle of scotch . a shot a hole !
best explanation of golf ever maybe nsfw ( language )
best explanation of golf ever maybe nsfw ( language )
check me if i am wrong but if you are making up a new sport every decision is arbitrary .
i like to hit a ball into a hole . i do n't know why , it 's just fun to do . i 'd love to do this 17 more times !
this explains why there are 18 holes . __url__
it 's awesome ! i bet it gave them at least a tiny bit of comfort , knowing they had the courage to fight back even a bit by the means available to them .
i bet that 's why they all marched so funny .
i bet that 's why they all marched so funny .
simple sabotage
__url__
that explains why all chinese made shit falls apart after you wear it 3 times
fun fact : in the movie hall pass they used the law order " dun dun " for comedic effect when they transitioned between scenes later in the movie . it cost 200,000 for them to get the rights .
it s also a sound that s trademarked . the trademark describes all that as , two musical notes , a strike and a rapid rearticulation of a perfect fifth pitch interval , which in the key of c , sounds the notes c and g , struck concurrently .
it s also a sound that s trademarked . the trademark describes all that as , two musical notes , a strike and a rapid rearticulation of a perfect fifth pitch interval , which in the key of c , sounds the notes c and g , struck concurrently .
clang , clang
i would have loved to have shared a hotdog with lenny briscoe
robot chicken
bc they are underfunded . they are either killed , or it literally looks like a concentration camp . if they got funding , then they could be no kill shelters . which the us does have no kill shelters .
the over population problem in the us is way worse than much of europe . a lot of shelters have no choice but to kill animals that may be harder to adopt out because of breed , behavior or illness . it 's really sad but i think the situation has gotten somewhat better .
the over population problem in the us is way worse than much of europe . a lot of shelters have no choice but to kill animals that may be harder to adopt out because of breed , behavior or illness . it 's really sad but i think the situation has gotten somewhat better .
i had a friend who worked at a kill shelter for a couple years . he had to quit because the toll on his conscience was too high . there is a documentary about the psychological impact of working at a place like that somewhere . if i find it i 'll post .
most us municipal shelters are kill shelters . if a stray is found by animal control it 's taken to the dog pound where it 's kept until the owner finds it , its adopted , rescued , or if none of the above happen , its destroyed .
am i the only one who hates the word ' doggo ' ? up there with ' wifey ' .
rolex executive visits the son of a felled pilot " i hid this uncomfortable hunk of metal up my ass two years . and now ... little man , i give the watch to you . "
very kind .
very kind .
free until the war ended . then they had to pay .
did they have to apply in person ? i expect a smashed corpse burning somewhere in a field in normandy did n't care about the state of his timekeeping .
they used radium paint so they could read the watches in the dark on some watches
lake baikal has more water then all the great lakes combined . it has 10 of the surface area of the caspian sea but 1 3 of the water volume . ( although by some standards the caspian sea could be considered a lake . )
superior does have a much greater surface area , though . baikal is just insanely deep .
superior does have a much greater surface area , though . baikal is just insanely deep .
__url__
russia stronk
it could cover north and south america in 1.9 feet of water .
well in fairness , the previous " most expensive film " was waterworld and that took ages to recoup the 172m it cost ( not including marketing ) and that was in no small part to it being a terrible movie ( great show at universal studios though ) .
it got a lot of bad reviews at first , also . they changed after it became a hit .
it got a lot of bad reviews at first , also . they changed after it became a hit .
pg 13 with bewbs . of course it was gonna get good ratings .
they really thought it would be dead in the water .
biggest disappointment was not letting jack on that door .
i smell a lawsuit . i am quite sure that at least one person has violated this written agreement , yet has not had gerard appear at his house . hell i may have to break this eula just to get these damn people to live up to their end of the contract for once .
i remember that . thanks for reminding me of my angsty teen years .
i remember that . thanks for reminding me of my angsty teen years .
if gerard come to my house it ai n't gonna be blood he 's sucking .
i 'm a vampire now . ama
ewwww
fun fact : it was invented because other instruments did not have the ability to measure op 's great great grandfather 's pecker .
pity they do n't measure in useful measurements .
pity they do n't measure in useful measurements .
was this inspired by that " did they have rulers back then ? " question from the bill nye morning show video ?
yet you use " inch "
invented because two guys were very close in penis length , but they just had to know .
illuminati confirminati .
it 's weird to me that there was a time where you could both get a master 's degree and get beheaded for being catholic .
it 's weird to me that there was a time where you could both get a master 's degree and get beheaded for being catholic .
interesting
i had always assumed the aztecs and machu pichu were much more ancient
very soon op will find out that the maori statues on easter island are n't just heads .
why do they call it ovaltine ? the mug is round , the jar is round ... they should call it roundtine
__url__
__url__
nope .
puke ... that 's a funny word .
i already hate you
and many of them settled in the upper midwest . basically flat norway
mine did i 'm just the third generation here ... my grandparents were both from norway and they lived in minnesota for years before moving to arizona for the weather
mine did i 'm just the third generation here ... my grandparents were both from norway and they lived in minnesota for years before moving to arizona for the weather
most of those ended up in lake wobegon .
my mom 's best friend 's family is from norway , and i live in louisiana . there 's actually a decent size norwegian community down here . i have no fucking idea why , though . i figured their ancestors who left norway would find something a little closer to it 's climate .
nor way ! that 's crazy !
look little johnny , our city needs a new library . so we can n't afford to let you live . it 's for the kids .
not really , it 's pure darwinism .
not really , it 's pure darwinism .
a surprise for sure , but a welcome one .
perfect opportunity for the classic midwest " bless their hearts "
we 'll choke their rivers with our dead !
42
how much woodchuck would woodchuck chuck if woodchuck could chuck wood ?
how much woodchuck would woodchuck chuck if woodchuck could chuck wood ?
until he gets the beaver pet
well i have 99 woodcutting , so about 200 hours
a woodcutter would cut as much wood as a woodcutter could cut if a woodcutter could cut wood .
the turtles orgin was a direct spoof of dds origin . the whole comic was a spoof of comics trends of the time . it was dark and gritty a la frank miller . the foot was a spoof of the hand . the fact that the turtles are mutants was a direct reference to the xmen franchise .
tmnt confirmed in the mcu !
tmnt confirmed in the mcu !
ninja turtles and the punisher both had crossovers with archie which leads to fun implications
is anyone else really scared to visit new york with all of this fighting going on ?
teenage mutant dare dev turtles
she was just hoping you would n't wind up in her basement .
how mad would she be if she found out you were using it to pick up older men ?
how mad would she be if she found out you were using it to pick up older men ?
so did my wife . that was a fun conversation .
a hotmail account is still my primary . my other account is a live account
pick up chicks . right .
the 8 presidents were herbert hoover , harry truman , dwight eisenhower , lyndon johnson , richard nixon , gerald ford , bill clinton and barack obama
til 8 out the last 15 us presidents have been born west of the mississippi river
til 8 out the last 15 us presidents have been born west of the mississippi river
i mean you could say every president has been born west of the mississippi , just some were born in the far far far west of it .
if you keep going east , technically everything is on the east of the mississippi river .
for some reason i read it as " 8 u . s citizens " ...
boy , the way glen miller played ...
great show , very controversial subject matter , at the time , handled exceptionally well , imo . still stands up today as a good window on the 70 ' s in the us . plus it had like 5 spinoff shows , great stuff .
great show , very controversial subject matter , at the time , handled exceptionally well , imo . still stands up today as a good window on the 70 ' s in the us . plus it had like 5 spinoff shows , great stuff .
disco duck and fleetwood mac coming out of my 8 track michael jackson still was black those were the days
did n't need no welfare state , everybody pulled their weight g r l o salmon great
title makes it sound like he murdered them during a singalong .
i read a story once that after the verve got a little bit of recognition , they went off the fame assole deep end of the pool and were pretty much universally despised on the touring circuit .
now i wanna hear it without strings ..
now i wanna hear it without strings ..
keith richards has to be immortal
so the rich guys who would afford the better lawyer scammed someone out of money ? ..
to an outsider , it sounds unfair .
and he never played another game of professional basketball , ruined his yacht , and had his homes foreclosed on . hell even the spinner wheels that bared his name have disappeared . what a classy bloke !
what a knob .
what a knob .
every family i know pulling in less than 7 mil a year is barely making it , scraping from paycheck to payckeck . you really can n't blame the guy .
you choke , then you go broke , then you become a joke .
so instead of 7 million a year , he got nothing . genius .
there 's a random bit of information i never thought i 'd read . for one reason or another i would n't have believed their lives overlapped , always think of beckett as some sort of 17th century playwright .
andr did often wear a cabbage on his head and hang out in a bin forever after so i 'm inclined to believe this .
andr did often wear a cabbage on his head and hang out in a bin forever after so i 'm inclined to believe this .
i love your story .
i like the part that reveals they mainly talked about cricket . whenever i think about famous people hanging out , in future , i shall think they are talking about cricket .
oh boy ..
that made no sense to me at first , but it turns out that jews can n't even own chametz during passover . so this is a symbolic transfer so that they remain kosher for that short period .
god will never figure it out , evil geniuses
god will never figure it out , evil geniuses
i wanna see what happens when the person that buys it all refuses to sell it back .
good thing there 's a loophole in the rules !
you 'd think god would have figured out all the loopholes before he wrote his player 's manual ... tsk tsk what an amateur
to be fair though australians do n't really care about the national anthem . nobody respects it . if they played slim dusty after an australian won something it would be much better received .
the australian anthem is already girt by humor .
the australian anthem is already girt by humor .
i mean as a positive you could at least remember the words so you do n't look stumped when they go for the closeup and you need to be singing it under your breath i can n't remember shit of advance australia fair beyond our home is girt by sea
or anything by cold chisel .
__url__ , when i was a kid at a summer camp there were a few aussies that worked there and they went up on the stage and said they were going to play their national anthem for everyone and they played this minus the intro
just like the chicken dance .
two bits well spent
two bits well spent
cabr n literally means a male goat . its slang meaning differs depending on country and context __url__
__url__
then if you 're a mexican prisoner of war , you 're gonna have bad time .
" if you have nothing to hide , you have nothing to fear . " joseph goebbels __url__
god i hate that so much . do people realize the level of corruption that will happen if the right people have the right blackmail ? it 's ridiculous
god i hate that so much . do people realize the level of corruption that will happen if the right people have the right blackmail ? it 's ridiculous
spying is going to continue . at the of the day , the majority of the public support surveillance on threats , and that will always trump the whiny complaints of neckbeards on reddit . sorry .
people are so stupid . the government may be ok now where you live ( ok , not in the usa ) but what if it changes ? what if you suddenly have an extremist government ? then they have all data of all people .
frame that as " let them spy , i 've got nothing to hide " " so then you 'll be perfectly content to put a government cctv camera in all the rooms in your house , including the bedrooms and bathrooms ? "
r upliftingnews
well , i mean , obviously not his entire family ...
well , i mean , obviously not his entire family ...
cue the spinoff
what possessed him to do that ?
he was possessed .
there was a german pow camp here in canada that was basically in a really remote region . no fences or anything , just so far out in the bush that escape was not really that great an option .
" entertainment and education "
" entertainment and education "
" are we the baddies ? " mitchell and webb
or just found the opportunity to " switch " sides by using the common catch phrase " i didnt know " .
i call bullshit .
longest running western , not tv series in general .
this is shitty , similar story , i had a service manager who found out he was losing his job when he heard a radio ad looking for his replacement .
this is shitty , similar story , i had a service manager who found out he was losing his job when he heard a radio ad looking for his replacement .
was n't gunsmoke kept around because some top executive liked it ? everyone else wanted it canceled .
what 's with the arrowhead in the pic . it looks like its hand drawn .
degrassi 37 years ( 6 incarnations , 24 seasons confirmed ) 500 episodes how the hell does something like that last so long ?
people would get used to it .
people would have higher quality meat probably
people would have higher quality meat probably
people would quickly become desensitized to it , then most would go back to eating meat like every predatory ancestor we 've ever had .
i learned how to prepare a chicken at a young age . it made me like chicken even more than i did before .
have a family farm , has not reduced my meat or dairy consumption even a tiny bit . welcome to reality .
katt williams has lost it
i do n't want to know where he was keeping his q card .
i do n't want to know where he was keeping his q card .
i 'm trying to figure out if he landed with his junk smooshed against hot concrete of if it had been in the shade . waking up in jail with with hot concrete dick roadrash is n't going to be pleasant .
this post is why i support funding for mental health services .
was that the fannin station ? that 's crazy .
billy dee williams breaks it down for you . my other favorite bygone beer slogan was schaefer beer " the one beer to have when you 're having more than one . " man , you could never get away with that now .
rocket fuel malt liquor . damn ! !
rocket fuel malt liquor . damn ! !
on a related note , the slogan they used for corn nuts in the 80s ( radio ads are especially hilarious ) was " bust a nut ! "
my head hurt as soon as i saw the picture of the label .
60 of the time it works every time . hangover 100 of the time everytime .
oh yeah . also , remember comet from full house ? he 's dead too .
the last ground zero search dog died about a year ago at the age of 17 . her name was bretagne .
the last ground zero search dog died about a year ago at the age of 17 . her name was bretagne .
my dog was born a year before 9 11 and just passed away in february , so i 'm sure there are a few oldies still hanging in there .
poor roselle died in 2011 i miss doggy
clifford has been alive since 1963 .
every american is his child .
which makes his military motto of " never pull out " even better
which makes his military motto of " never pull out " even better
i wonder how different us history goes if the first president had heirs .
do you even vaccinate bro ?
another weird fact , i believe he also died from bloodletting .
newark sucks , but it definitely is n't in the same category as those others .
washington dc also has ... washington dc ( sw , se ) .
washington dc also has ... washington dc ( sw , se ) .
i 'm not really sure how recent numbers look , but north st.louis i think has to be worse than east st.louis . it 's a lot more dense more murders per weekend . i know by population maybe the numbers do n't work , but threat level wrong place at wrong time goes way way up
i 'd recommend looking at a map sometime .
washington has annondale . it 's worse than baltimore with higher rent .
did n't he pick snakes on a plane because he like the title
well i mean i 'll watch any movie no matter how dog shit it looks if he 's in it and know i 'm probably in for a good time regardless . i think snakes on a plane hits that nail on the head .
well i mean i 'll watch any movie no matter how dog shit it looks if he 's in it and know i 'm probably in for a good time regardless . i think snakes on a plane hits that nail on the head .
to be fair , samuel l . jackson actually got his start in movies quite late in life . he knows damn well that he could be washed up any day .
plus , he likes anime . hentai too .
i mean , he basically said that in an interview with dp 30 . you should check it out , it 's the one for django unchained on youtube . he picks movies he wants to see himself in
must 've been a shitty experience
link to the image
link to the image
now that 's what i call ' the runs '
even more shocking was the revelation that it was n't hers .
if it was n't bloody i 'd just think she was gross . when blood is involved it means she 's committed , or she ate insert ethnic food here before the race .
have you ever read " the years of rice and salt " by kim stanley robinson ? it 's fiction , but it 's about what would 've happened if the black death had killed 90 of europe instead of just 50 . good read .
totally read frampton at first hahahah
totally read frampton at first hahahah
you should read " the great leveler : violence and the history of inequality from the stone age to the twenty first century " it basically covers how plague , war , famine and revolution all help reduce inequality .
if you look into it , the plague also caused significant medical advancement due to many physicians dying , and the millennia old teachings of hippocrates being replaced by actual medical science . turns out our bodies do n't get sick because of an imbalance between the 4 humors .
two books for you to read that i can recommend : the black death by philip ziegler and the time travellers guide to medieval england by ian mortimer
nope . you are jack 's cancerous pancreas ...
there is a serious disinformation campaign being run here on reddit , both pro and agains auto manufacturers . a heavily pro electric tesla campaign and an equally pro legacy auto manufacturing campaign . beleive no one .
there is a serious disinformation campaign being run here on reddit , both pro and agains auto manufacturers . a heavily pro electric tesla campaign and an equally pro legacy auto manufacturing campaign . beleive no one .
if you 're wearing khakis on a saturday . yes . you are you fucking khakis and everything that goes along with that .
yes . you are your fucking khakis .
probably whatever some guy posts on reddit .
sounds like a hoa guarantees you at least one shitty neighbour anyway .
if you rent and your neighbors suck you can move ... but with a house you are stuck with your shitty neighbors ... i would n't exactly call that freedom ...
if you rent and your neighbors suck you can move ... but with a house you are stuck with your shitty neighbors ... i would n't exactly call that freedom ...
some of them really are n't that bad . the hoa where i grew up never did anything . the fee was like 15 per year which they used to plant flowers around the entrance to the neighborhood .
same . my red line is hoas . i 'm not extremely picky with my realtor otherwise but i flat out will never consider buying into an hoa .
are hoas legally binding organizations ? i mean if this person refused to paint their personal home to comply , could they end up in court ? i always thought they were just neighbors making strong suggestions but with no real power
the nation of iceland should trademark england and britain in return .
this is also the same supermarket who had horse meat in some of their products . and when the ceo was questioned why they did n't check . he said they did n't check for cat or dog meat either because you can n't check for everything .
this is also the same supermarket who had horse meat in some of their products . and when the ceo was questioned why they did n't check . he said they did n't check for cat or dog meat either because you can n't check for everything .
you messed with our cod and so we got back at you in the most ironic way possible .
i hate iceland iceland .
just make an icelandic supermarket called britain .
i think it 's more like ... people on the verge of experiencing cardiac arrest feel the urge to defecate , then perform the valsalva maneuver , then pass out while on the toilet .
i 'm sure i have heard that there is a statistically relevant increase in the number of people ( men in particular i think ) having cardiac arrest events at a specific time in the morning . 9am i think . i 'm assuming this is related .
i 'm sure i have heard that there is a statistically relevant increase in the number of people ( men in particular i think ) having cardiac arrest events at a specific time in the morning . 9am i think . i 'm assuming this is related .
that 's what killed elvis .
the more you know . do n't hold your breath .
hands up , who read this while pooping ?
i think that seems obvious to europeans because you guys consume a lot of sparkling mineral water . in the us the majority of people drink still water , mineral water is much less frequently encountered and so the " is it tap water " question hardly even occurs to them .
no . it 's spunk . did you not read the post ?
no . it 's spunk . did you not read the post ?
not only was it filtered tap water , but the filtering process introduced contaminants that were n't in the original tap water . if it had just literally been tap water like in that episode of only fools and horses , it would have been better .
you mean like actually every bottled water ?
i do n't know what it is , but it is best tasting bottled water i have had . so smooth and sweet mmmmmmmmmmmmmm
