that was a 2009 interview . since he is even more in the spotlight now as mercedes f1 chairman and german f1 coverage pundit , i imagine the value is much higher now .
holy shit this would be on the same level of historical facts like hitler 's painting skills and lincoln 's honesty .
von neumann was probably the last real polymath .
behold , the rare triple switcharoo ! glorious .
some states have an official language .
" what 's taking so long in there ? " " just protecting my prostate , i 'll be out in a minute . "
also nebraska furniture mart , which has one of the biggest retail buildings in the world with almost 2 million square feet of show room floor . __url__
release the hounds
yes
" they 're just now realizing they are able to transcend it . some are even beginning to believe they have a real chance of doing it within their lifetimes . "
haha nicholas cage ? i know reddits all the way up that butt but come on .
the male homo sapien also does this to prove his virility .
i mean , they did n't ask him to lead the sleigh , santa did . he 's ostensibly human , so he would need an actual light in the normal visible spectrum to guide him .
i do n't know why this killed me .
he won an emmy for that ? i just marathoned the show and ... i mean , he was fine , but , an emmy ? also , i think that 's a picture of elliott gould
this is how my gf prevents getting pregnant .
all accounts ? well here s an account that disagrees . he s actually redditor and seems like a good guy .
the us lost almost the exact same number of people as the brits even though we entered the war much later . so the characterization that is thrown around that the us was n't really involved in fighting , or ever very difficult fighting is not accurate .
if i 'd gotten married at birth , i still probably would n't have a marriage that long .
we all know more about all kinds of things than scientists 100 years ago . how is n't this obvious ?
so just like girls then ? kangaroos do n't poop as well ?
hobbes was also based on bill watterson 's old cat , sprite . i 'm a huge fan of c h so it 's always nice to see people post about it !
who has n't hamil voiced ?
i wish we could all get along like we used to in middle school ... i wish i could bake a cake filled with rainbows and smiles and everyone would eat and be happy ...
bad news for switzerland ?
that sounds fucking delicious , you owe me a cake now with all that hype !
there is a documentary out there called blackfish , it 's actually about tilikum ( mentioned on the wikipedia article ) and the way that animals are treated at places like sea world . edit : changed the link i think its on netflix too .
i 'm sure his admittance and tenure there was unmarred by the fact that their first family alum went to yale in 1841 .
and apparently he 's suspected of even more . possibly over 300 . that 's just insane .
he puts da hand deepa
that 's 8 airings of the theme song .
no way
wage drain
in recent news , steve buscemi was also a volunteer firefighter for 9 11 .
i have to wonder what kind of training they undergo to resist defecting ? holding their family hostage is a good deterrent , i guess .
news flash there are rich people in 3rd world countries and south africa is n't even a 3rd world country . also musk was rich and probably went to private school . his bullies are probably doing a lot better than you .
they 'll get it right the third time ? or maybe number 4 will be fantastic . haha .. ha ...
this is my relationship with all drugs , including pot . i have to exert a small amount of control 24 7 to keep myself together and functioning . removing that control would be jumping into an eternal pit of darkness .
" where are you from ? " " ch . " " .. did ... you just scoff ? " " no , that 's where i 'm from . ch . "
can n't wait for the un resolution condemning this ...
rich enough to finance your own sitcom works too ...
please sir , i want to stay four weeks more .
yes , because it was a short story in the 90s
i 'd be standing in front of an anti aircraft cannon soooo fast in best korea .
tapatio ? ask for yucateco or valentina .
road to el dorado and emperor 's new groove do not share a plot in any means .
lol you mean just one punch man ...
that movie sure was the bomb ( ) i 'll see myself out .
__url__
this is a misconception . dogs can vote at 2.6 years old , 18 in dog years . 3.6 to be a representative , 4.3 to be a senator , and 5 to be president or vice president .
i originally read this in the book " a legacy of ashes " by tim weiner . it is the best non fiction literature i 've ever read and if you have an interest in world history and american history , i highly recommend you read it .
well , the slogan does n't mention spunk , so this could be a different ad .
can n't think of anything china does n't make . they probably make the top secret materials we use , we just assemble them .
r kenm
the man who sold it is named roy , but is legally changing the spelling to roi .
i 'm german too , i live in the states now i feel like a total moron for not knowing whats they do to the poor doogos here .
that 's why it 's called insurance . you do n't pay if it comes down it it . it 's so cheap because of how infrequent it pays out .
h i r e a s a m u r a i
photoshop .
wrong , it 's called vaiana in some european territories because a cosmetic company owned the name moana .
i do this fairly frequently . i 'm pretty sure it is why i walk weird in the first place .
on game of thrones he gets killed by a chopper .
how about the prince ? well nah he aint prince but he is still a hell of a musician . rip
it seems like there should be a " way too many " category beyond that .
if you 're going to get some side action , a birth control activist seems like a wise choice .
" i 'm gonna have to science the shit out of this . " mark whatney
it best to harvest the greens in the very early spring , when they are young , tender , and relatively less bitter . if harvest when the plant is in flower the leaves are extremely bitter .
for me the 80 ' s plot would be sneaking in and getting way over his head , but then discovering that he 's always had the ability to accomplish whatever he wants because he has the power within himself , plus he has the love and admiration of his dad .
you will be the first demonstration baldrick ! string him up ! cover him with whipped cream ! release the sexy women !
i thought it was common tongue from game of thrones .
actually no ... on sunday , 14th may 2017 , notable nigerian saxophonist femi kuti broke mark atkins ' record by playing for 51 minutes , 38 seconds after successfully breaking kenny g 's record the previous week .
was it held in 1915 during the war ?
you aint just whistlin ' dixie . have a few lines with them . prices went up after change . and the rep has the unmitigated gall to ask why i am cancelling them . fucking no integrity .
i ve always heard it dc is la for ugly people
sure are horny creatures , are n't they .
today i learned that toilet paper is paper that can be flushed down a toilet .
the people at waco say hi . so does philando castile .
momma dolphins ?
before comcast , it used to be called insight . i can n't wait to see what the next name will be .
parents are financially liable for the actions of their non adult offspring ? that 's the only way this makes sense .
why would it have never existed ? they already built it before the war started and it was a simple car that would n't have needed that particular factory .
it 's not the grinding that bothers me most . it 's the idea that this animal was born to serve no purpose but to die so soon . for no purpose either .
and there 's already 30 million more makes than females in china ...
of course al did it anyway . __url__
humanity has never changed even one tiny bit . check out this ancient shitposting . __url__
found peter piper
until the kids are old enough to call bs using a little invention i like to call " the nose "
he still have nightmares that wakes him up at night with a cold sweat as he curses the tortoise .
__url__
is it as canadian as possible , under the circumstances ?
yes , the politicians looking to force google , facebook , etc to supress fake news is just asking for the removal of free speech . there hasn t even been a public outing of what facebook ads the russians were purported to have ran .
roaches are bad news ! thanks for the article
he 's a warrant officer nowadays .
is a bear army called a sleuth ? the real til in the comments as always
we did n't give up anything close to giving up habeas corpus
those humans are far worse tho
youd have to be pretty dense if you think the two were related . edit : oh my fucking god op ! ! ! your link says the exact opposite ! ! ! you basically posted the snopes article disproving your own post ! !
according to hulk hogan ...
i played piano from sheet music for 8 fucking years and i forgot completely how to read it . i play guitar quite a lot now and i mainly work from tabs and by hearing other people play . reading music is kind of irrelevant unless your instrument does n't work with tablature .
some random posted a video where he asked the projectionist about it . dude said it 's just a thick leather vest .
damn she also lived to 101 years old
that 's the banality of evil for you . the nazis were n't aliens who suddenly came to our planet to kill us . it turns out that while humans can be smart , societies are always dangerously stupid .
sure . but we are mammals . all mammals can drink milk as infants . some humans have a mutation that lets them drink it as adults . and tbh , if you are n't lactose intolerant it 's not bad for you . not a superfood , but it 's a good source of all three macronutrients .
same with new zealand being the , well , new zeeland .
out of curiosity , how do you prove a negative ?
do you really need a strong back to open the knife , scissors or can opener ? i just use my thumbnail .
business model right out of homers playbook
bullets , not rounds .
crazy how reckless they were with that experiment !
and you can play as him in nioh __url__
i like mixing snap caps in with live ammo , then racking the slide several times so that i will n't know whrther or not a live round is in the chamber and putting the gun up to my head and pulling the trigger . have n't died yet .
yo ! i lived in fort jones for a couple years when i was a kid . we 're basically best friends .
without him we would be a very mediocre to slightly weak team .
there was talk of greece going back to the drachma if they were to exit the eurozone . not sure if that would still count for this , but there you have it .
glot
he said 2 words
good . canada geese are flying shit factories that would murder your whole family for a scrap of bread .
so you 're saying there 's a chance
this is boaweh to boaweh .. can you hear me out there maahn ?
the kid 's got spunk
you mean literally any day of the week ?
i am glad we have laws that say we won t arrest you for doing something bad if it saves lives if it involves drugs . it saves lives on many college campuses .
not like that , but an okay home where i live .
one used by a mega church , i 'd wager . they probably also believe that the eye of a needle is a small gate into jerusalem .
no accident . he swerved to avoid a pedestrian .
is this a joke ?
hello , i would like to purchase this magazine thank you .
that 's because no one has ever survived seeing an echidna ejaculate .
when their cases went up , he sent them down
sheep.exe may we never forget
wait i remember somewhere in the bible or jesus stories or some shit someone was baptized in a lake ? o . o
humans are the " invasive species " type .
and limes are thrown in the mix to add vitamin c to prevent scurvy , thus the name limeys for british sailors . basically the gin and tonic is the perfect recipe for colonial takeover .
i was on r fantheories and found this great theory that in the porn cinematic universe , humans evolved from a bonobo type ancestor which explains why everyone is always having casual sex , from the pizza guy to the taxi drivers everyone 's just boing everyone la de da .
everyone knows everyone in this town ... so i 'm sure i know all of youuu
there 's a message in there somewhere about promoting someone to higher responsibilities based on past experience and not based on qualifications .
i find finglas to be quite striking .
shut up , wesley .
out of all the things that i could 've imagined that i would have seen today , this is definitely not one of them
well ideally most cops would n't have guns either .
my favourite episode ! . the call back and twist to that in a much later season and episode is pure genius too .
and we 've already got too many matts and bobs .
yeah , but is n't that a contradiction if the jedi 's view the sith in that light ?
i 'm pretty sure amy winehouse got capped by a ray .
but , the us government has that pyramid that tells you 50 of your diet should be this stuff . we all grew up taught that we should eat all the carbs .
virginia has them too , they look like this
why are we just focusing on the fact that he steal jokes ? are n't we going to comment on what a whale he is ? oh wait , is just a female comedian thing ?
i 've spent a lot of time in italy ... everyone i know there uses it to wash their feet after a day at beach or walking around in flip flops .
right ? how would they even assemble a control group ?
this is literally asinine . algebra and calculus are two completely different branches of mathematics . that 's like saying topology is arithmetic . edit : considering there are plenty of integrals that have no algebraic solution , i would not generalize integrals as trivial .
ducks have a way of shutting that whole thing down
mind you , back then your basic nyquil equivalent was opium ...
if they can pull this off , then i definitely want to read this .
eli 5 ?
at my company , to be considered for a promotion , you have to already be doing the tasks of that position .
already in process : they 've sent in the trump .
an apple a day ...
yeah , the dog in the other video was nervous as shit . that 's the noise my dogs make when they want to leave the veterinarian 's office .
grand haven is so pretty . been meaning to go to the musical fountain .
yes , some of the language and music are anachronistic , but can n't the same thing be said of a lot of classical pieces as well ?
that was a dad joke when i was growing up . we 'd drive through frostproof on family vacations and dad would announce " hey , kids , we 're in frostproof . and it ai n't , ya know . " yeah we know thanks dad .
t rex has that stanky leg going on .
the glass is not half empty or half full , it is merely a superposition of both full and empty with an average value of 1 2
it varied on the prisoners race british and white american prisoners were treated well because they were " aryan " . the russian prisoners , black american and black french soldiers were usually tortured , starved , shot , used for slave labour , or sent to gas chambers .
who cummed in the clean towels ? i swear when i find him ...
that shit aint got nothing on cambodian stuff ... the bestest of breast milks __url__
i 'd have to think the commission is gonna frown on that sort of behavior .
putin , not russia . well , same now .
theres also a very particular sound i ... experienced when entering into the dmt space . a very particular pitch or vibration that 's all encompassing . almost every single time . apparently thats also common .
til swans can also be ducks .
can i call out of work with this ?
god laughed really hard that day .
sacrificing children is an age old technique to grow more crops .
the states were supposed to be similar to countries , but since everyone is so concerned about determining what people they ve never met do with their lives , america found ways to expand federal power rather than state power .
what i always hated about tubthumping that song is far and away the worst song on that album .
there 's also the dilbert principle , which states that companies promote incompetent employees to management , where they can do less damage .
everyone is forgetting that erin 's first name in the office is actually kelly
deep insiiiide the sea .
... as reported by his extremely religious brother
" did you hear ! ? there 's a chiarizard in the military arsenal ! " " wow ! that does n't sound like a lie designed to make me get in trouble at all ! " " yeah ! and even if it is , it 's totally worth being shot on sight for ! "
i 've seen her muff . that 's weird .
hands down . i 'm not in dc but worked on campaigns for years . politics is veep .
you know nothing , jon snow .
i was bout to be like nicki was never the yellow power ranger bruh .
from phoenix , arizona . i will n't even give my dog the tap water it tastes that bad .
i expected to see grosjean s picture
so it is n't just america which conducts false flag operations to further otherwise unpalatable political agendas . who knew ?
as a black redditor i am not sure i wanna the read the comments here when this blows up lol ... smh
dont forget , sleeping on top of motorized bombs and sometimes down the hall from tall world ending rockets ...
although i always get worried when i hear that too , i have met a few women in my life who say that and are n't horrible . to me the , " i just do n't get along with women " thing is less of an indicator of crazy than say , " i just do n't get along with people . "
" why do n't you stop motion yourself on out of here . "
the first recorded instance of a helicopter parent .
anyone know the story well enough to explain what he did to win the hearts of those people ?
how do you get a tree to file taxes though
i first had gout when i was 27 . i have had 2 flare ups since , i am now 31 . it hurts . especially when i stubbed my toe on a stair .
i thought she was great . the way her character was written kinda sucked though .
that is what happens when radioactive tentacle monsters get loose in a city full of japanese school girls .
hey i drive by that thing thumbnail like once a week . i used to want to ride dwn it like a waterslide
if you are going to praise someone , at least get their name right .
the carl barks stories is the benchmark most of them try to hit .
__url__ this link might give viewers a better review
the anti trump subs have a huge of bots . they are n't programmed to be grammar nazis , just literal nazis .
they shouldn t be a company at all anymore .
yeah , i hate rngs too .
my getting banned ?
that 's what the guy who played shaggy did . he got laryngitis .
when reading this title , i was very impressed that stingrays had the capacity to organize a series of revenge killings . i was also wondering who else they killed , and how they knew mankind was responsible for mutilating their kind .
trackmania looks fun , already own tales from the borderlands . its a good game for those who do n't own it .
this needs to be much more highly upvoted .
yeah , his new cars are super cool and efficient i 've heard .
nah bayern will just come third in their group so they can dick you 10 2 again in the round of 32 .
simmer down meatbag
well , she was only in there for 8 months , so ...
so his arms were n't broken
every animal fits on the spectrum .
if i was a king , of course i 'd have a secret passage to my homeboys crib . does n't mean i 'm going to suck his cawk .
blackberry or blueberry jam ?
remember tiananmen square ?
hes 's not dead jim
no shirt , no shoes , no service .
scholar , athiest , memelord richard dawkins
johnson ! you blew it ! ! !
this 1997 study explains that no other vertebrates exhibit polyembryony , on p . 132 .
reading the article , this happened in 1892 .
holy shit ! i did n't think that was real at first .
superman directed by tim burton with nicholas cage would of been something to see though .
it is not illegal to prescribe to women of child bearing age . a woman of child bearing age who takes thalidomide should take multiple forms of contraception and get regular pregnancy tests , though .
survive as long as possible i like your face on my 20 bills
if there is a a dog with a problem or it 's old and no one adopts it then it 's just stuck there in a cage until it dies
r rickandmorty is leaking again . someone call a plumb us er .
around 640,000 men died in the civil war with many more wounded and limbless . this resulted in many widows and unmarried women after the war . the first vibrator was invented in 1869 by a dr . granville ( steam powered ) .
so a whole of two times . thanks for this fact
read the wiki article on albert fish edit : fish not the band phish
hey man , there 's nothing wrong with working for garbage companies . it 's a respectable field that provides an important public service .
i saw it on australian tv but pretty sure i did n't last the distance . from the ads , i expected star wars itself was going to be on tv , so was very disappointed with what was actually presented .
i 've always been a fan of a full coffee cup ... edit : " a "
instead we got unstoppable by tony scott starring denzel and pine
this makes sense , it 's not like a long time had elapsed , old habits die hard . had this been twenty years after ww2 ended , then it might 've been more surprising to me . you can n't eliminate the effects of indoctrination in such a short span .
first , you need to get the government to stop subsidizing having kids .
i think lakes are too deep to plants and vegetation while ponds can support weeds at the bottom all around . depth not size
" theres nothing that i hate more than people who judge others because of their race and culture , and the dutch "
well i mean , stan is trey , kyle is matt , and cartman is archie bunker .
793.6 in freedom units . remember there are countries that use the metric system and there are countries that have gone to the moon !
just the thought of hearing the sibilance of your eyessssss on an inner groove with an elliptical is killing me .
very happy with this month . i 've already got tale from the borderlands , but i 've been debating buying trackmania for a few months now , and i 've been interested in giving deadfall a go , even out of some morbid curiosity with the mediocre reviews .
real irony
i think it 's obvious from personal experience that alcohol and cigarettes change someone 's voice , even just in the short term . i do find the raw eggs confusing , though . maybe she was also trying to get swole .
california is not a resource rich tourist destination ?
big candy and their powerful lobby strike again .
put it by the floor of your bed with bacon in it , that way when you wake up just plug it in and you can snooze until fresh tastey bacon wakes you up
til a new way to get rid of crabs
this is the trippiest thing as a canadian lol .
so does blood spatter
mum
i 've got nothing , this is hilarious .
they make great burgers , hotdogs , etc . do n't rely on them for steaks though , and now most come with a stand underneath you can fold out that levels it so the fat does n't drain away if you prefer it that way .
stop me if i am wrong , been a few years since i read the book , but pretty sure he says it is the distance traveled by the nautilus while the main character was aboard .
i do n't think anyone disputes that ..
i vote we go back to plate mail . imagine a whole army of space marines , ala warhammer : 40k . hell , i 'd enlist just for the bitchin armor . " for the emperor ! " .
he was also the voice of sonic the hedge hog in one of the cartoons .
son listed in infanty . brave baby .
they did n't call him " charmin ' carson " because of his charisma .
really ? i 've found reddit threads to be consistently in tune with comments like yours ( insulting and cold ) when it comes to jobs .
that is horrifying . imagine .. i mean that battle was already a blood bath , but then add gas to the mix ? evil would n't begin to describe them
that 's cool as shit
til the pedal on the right is to make the car go and the one on the left is to make it stop .
wrong , the actual name is " masochist " .
always thought that was just a lie for the sake of the movie and to hype that shit
no wonder he always looks like he 's on the verge of tears .
well , it 's a cultural thing , it 's in most countries . dogs and cats are identified as very close to humans . which is true , considering humanity domesticated dogs for the hunt and cats to keep farms and silo free of rodents .
no , this whole " coincidence " is a bit of a reeeeeeeaaaach
aw
should it be pronounced me me ? , as it 's about individuals .
mr worldwide
perhaps it 's not counted because it 's not been in continuous use ? the pound is cheating anyway though , we do n't use the same pound anymore really since decimalisation in fact thanks to reddit i have learnt the pound is indeed the same
i like how this whole situation was really magnified later in curb your enthusiasm , how larry david , creator of one of the most famous sitcoms in history , who is rich , famous , and successful , is still a petty , neurotic little man who could n't ever just enjoy himself .
weird that feras antoon , the ceo of mindgeek , does n't even have a wikipage . they wasted a wikipage on that sour elf that price hiked that medication . i think the global king of porn deserves at least the same .
pizza on chinese buffet ?
honestly , credit is such a big part of finance why are private companies handling this instead of a government agency ? and if we are gonna let private companies vacuum up our finance data why not impose data protection laws and audits on them ?
__url__
on a clover , if alive , erupts a vast , pure evil : a fire volcano .
well , considering that mickey mouse himself teaches the palestinian children to bring death to the infidels , does n't sound too far fetched ...
vac
knightfall protocol .
the real surprise would be if queen elizabeth ii also had one
so actually you did n't learn anything
but how else would i know that ' life begins at conception ' ?
i hate to be that guy , but it actually raises the question .
til oldsmobile was named after some guy who 's last name was olds and not about a brand from old people .
" sean , were you just talking a dump in the woods ? " " method acting . "
so its basically the 50s version " owling " and " planking " . they also did phone booth stuffing
great book called " billion dollar spy " about this . a single agent was handled by the cia office inside the embassy that gave the us a billion dollars worth of secrets from russia over several years .
ho shit . that took me a second .
i do n't think george wrote 3 beatles number 1s either , not because of quality but because he hardly ever got to release a single . i think his first and only beatles single was something .
til of a driver named " michael schumacher " who won 7 wdc 's .
this is older than communist romania . the spanish inquisition used to have festivals with plenty of wine and pork and then looked to see who was actually a muslim jew .
what is happening , is he sneezing ?
basically supporting a government in exile . its not like he was listening to numbers stations or making dead drops
more like rick and morty .
the cockpits were sealed
... and probably happier than ever .
that explains his tactics in civilisation .
heroin can also be used as a intramuscular but goddamn imagine that pain
most of them ... i could chow down on those orange ones back in the day
yep , totally appropriate usage
only new york ( 3 nfl teams , sort of ) and california ( 4 nfl teams , for now ) have more people than florida .
iggy pop played a pretty killer vorta on deep space nine tho
i feel incredibly sad now ...
so they develop a derogatory nickname ( they supposedly shook violently when communicating with god ) , and then give that nickname positive connotations with a reputation of honesty . well done , quakers .
close your eyes , think of the queen , and smash that pasty .
just looked it up . anaheim angels stadium holds 45,000 spectators . this must have been utter chaos .
you forgot to link the wikipedia article about the pope 's recognition of their music as an official proof of god 's existence .
zeus could 've learned a few things from this guy
i hope the error occurred on the supplier side because i want to believe in a company out there with a big warehouse full of tootsie roll crates stacked next to mortar round crates .
they have also had issues with it not matching up with the reference copies that exist . radiolab did a story called kg
the polish scare me with how they drink . i spent some time in poland a couple years back . one of the first things i saw when i got to where i was staying was a bottle of vodka so large that it had to be mounted on hinges . the thing went from full to empty in a matter of days .
reminds me of xerxes having the ocean whipped for destroying his fleet lol
is it also developing developing an implant to prevent people from typing the same word twice ? s
i 'm just gonna say , nope .
do n't forget samurai pizza cats
not surprising . i 've been seeing his face in all james bond movies from 1962 to 1967 and then again once in 1971 .
this is n't just tmnt . pretty much every cartoon does this . tmnt , transformers , pokemon , ugi oh . it 's a cartoon and merchandise package . not just one or the other .
if you think a nanosecond is insignificant , you should watch this . it 's a 2 minute explanation of how far a signal travels in a nanosecond . __url__
well a trip on that airship is more comparable to a trip on a cruse than on an airliner , so the price is n't really that unreasonable .
only the denizens of yreka would name their town " north mountain " when they are north of the north mountain . edit : a word .
i grew up around and am friends with people in the navy and i just wanted to let you know that i appreciate these sayings of yours , they are too hilarious .
i imagine their career is like driving a bus through the desert , nothing to see but the road ahead and the occasional bug splat .
it 's okay friend you wanted us to feel better about europa .
well , to be fair he did n't have boobs ... then ...
yup , my eagle scout certificate and card are signed by obama
except then you die from rabbit starvation .
i just saw it ...
yo dawg .
__url__ i gotchu fam
i feel like nicki saw this and said , " that 's what i want to be in 10 years . "
" well , you can stick it in your bum bum ! you can put the cheese in your bum ... "
til she 's 35 !
but given the propaganda , unlikely they knew that
their slogan : " nothing 's whiter than anglo milk "
maybe we should send some missionaries to explain to the giraffes that it 's not natural .
or integration by parts lol ... that 's a fun one .
i recommend that people watch a documentary or youtube video about the guy , he 's kind of a badass . i 've heard him described as the western version of admiral yi .
and people trapped by having too many kids to support on the outside . glad i 'm done with active .
apple android pay are unlimited , i always use android pay as much as i can . last week , had a car service , paid 120 with my phone .
__url__
but abortion is undefeated .
humans have it figured out all wrong . some of us kill each other with the hope of getting laid in the afterlife .
this comment puts it all in perspective
imo he 's a much better flutist than eric clapton is a guitar player
i knew he looked familiar .
so were graham crackers .
yes
ah , you 've been to that strip club in tijuana too !
heh . polk is basically middle of nowhere .
spelt
that sounds super fun , i would do that .
unbelievable , but an eli 5 on how this is possible would be great ?
" just when i thought you could n't possibly be any dumber , you go and do something like this ... and totally redeem yourself ! "

i 'll back your kickstarter
i plan to exit leaving as little money as possible too . i want to be the poorest man in the graveyard .
same . and then there 's " shtml . "
yeah i kinda doubt the us military is gonna mow down citizens with tanks and planes in such an event .
it 's probably the most awkward show on television , but it works out so well .
because it is n't their fault , paying for other peoples actions is retarded
ah , the daily " america is terrible " til right on time
love the lowkey racism in the comments . if this were a topic about the vikings or other white europeans there would be a circlejerk about how cool and advanced those ancient societies were with nobody questioning the credibility of the claim .
its amazing that there is always someone who comes up with the perfect contextual version of this . amazing but also somehow expected and banal ... kinda like reddit itself
in 1977 78 liverpool got a bloody bye in one of the rounds and went on to win it
i 'm accusing op of peds . now he has something in common with winners
only one enantiomer of thalidomide caused the problems . they just stopped using it as a racemic mixture i 'm sure .
what did he mean by this ?
also see santorum
so true it hurts .
the australians had less success against a mightier foe , the emu . __url__
is that why they called it the " masters "
and there used to be a lot more christians in syria .
the thought reminds me of " the call of cthulhu . "
i think hulu has the streaming rights to it now , so at least it 's still available .
i 'm sorry about your loss .
itt : people who were apparently molested by milk as a child
what a fucking legend . legendary performance today so far .
the nazis ruined everything cool . the totenkampf , black uniforms , the swastika , the entire german language .
why would either of those things help ? your vocal chords are n't in your esophagus ...
i 've heard " hung hanged by the neck until dead " so many times but never thought anything of it . cool . cool cool cool . edit : til the only correct time to say hanged is if you 're referring to killing a person
ok , but a wait until dark love fest is an alan arkin love fest , because he fucking rules in that movie . pure menace . he is the threat and the tension . did he ever play another role like it ?
you have to . there 's a couple exceptions , but everyone pretty much has to .
the sequal , shadows of amn , is probably my favorite game of all time .
she 's a very smart woman who played a dumb media character .
he also has literally substituted an alcohol addiction for a golf addiction .
lpt : reddit has tried most kinds of giri choko , just hit them up for buying advice .
i 've used thisisaverylongpasswordthatiwillnotforgetbecauseitiseasytoremember as a password before .
yeah , my dad s an oral surgeon in one of them . about half of the jaws he fixes are from people who weren t wearing helmets on motorcycles .
there are lots of people literally cannot have sex with a condom .
what does tagging an " s " mean ?
and there goes 15 mins of my life . worth it ! my dad rolled a 299 in a tourny before . close but no cigar haha
no . banknotes , however , retain their value for all time , so you could exchange the earliest banknote ( i think the first bofe banknote was in 1694 ) . __url__
how to gleek on purpose
and the kiwi bird ?
no offense but most of canadian population is living in climate of caucasus .
wayne gretzky
til john denver invented the chainsaw .
do you think people can just " pay people more " ? that 's not how economics works . even if it can hardly be measured , decreasing ceo 's profits means people are that much less motivated to start their own business , and create jobs .
" those are the shrieking eels "
hey dats racist bro !
i knew i 'd heard of that airline from somewhere else . according to the page , the movie i saw was " nowhere to land "
animal testing is a mandatory requirement before any drug is allowed to go onto phase 1 testing in humans . that being said , animal studies are not reliably translated to human outcomes .
and the cia just laughed and laughed .
oh look , the aliens have pets like we do . awwww , she 's holding a cute little guinea pig ... what . the . holy . fuckkkk ! ! !
we dutch were great at naming .
yeah , because once you have done cocaine enough times , every time you drink you end up wanting cocaine again .
rochelle rocheeeelllleee !
mormons never met my ex , clearly .
there was a post i saw somewhere showing that kazakhstan actually has nice beaches on the caspian sea .
i did n't realize the japanese actually made it to the mainland . wow .
kind of genius really if it was n't so evil let the people who are dissenters come to you , give the secret police a holiday . i hope it 's the kind of trick that only works once though .
the flying brick !
are you kidding ? schrute genes are perfect . neither mose or i have ever been sick in our entire lives .
jon hamm also went to prom with the actress who played nena myers on 24 .
lots of people change their name for public celebrity relations purposes .
check out the fire bombing of tokyo .
very niiiiiice . i want to visit 4 prostitute in all of kazakhstan
i would n't say humid ... but yeah fuck living in vegas .
this song for the ones wondering
original royal rumble
my grandmother tried that , but her daughter , my mother , found out . intervened . my mother became a non practicing catholic after that . she was really against baptising a child before they understand what it even means .
underrated c camp reference
things have changed so much that i can n't even use a 6 foot ladder inside on a ground level without having to use a harness .
somebody from the democratic republic of congo , i believe .
they seemed so nice when they discovered fire
you know that game do n't starve ?
" puzzle and bewilder your opponent by mere bombast . " arthur schopenhauer no really , not making it up
he 's rich , he paid for it .
i 'm a big child myself . can confirm children are awesome .
whenever they want to . here i thought the number 75 sounded nicer than 750 or 0.75 . it 's pretty commonly used when giving volumes of drink containers .
which episode was that ? i was trying to pull it up on youtube and drawing a blank .
the outcome of that case is a definite justice boner .
never trust johnny when it comes to matters concerning the john .
england had a similar issue with tea imports from china , which triggered the opium wars
would you guys consider this a genocide ?
also came up with v hull boat tech to out run the coast guard ships
ay shoutout to all the people that were praised too much as a child for being gifted in math only to grow up and learn that they 're average . i know your struggle and i wish you all the best and even if you end up failing , at least you tried your best .
and elephants too
brown sugar , butter , milk . no wonder they taste so good ...
kinda lame unless tojo knew the message was there . otherwise he may as well have written " eat a dick " in sanskrit .
quit posting as if we 've won already !
so the aboriginals are not native to australia ?
can n't believe it ended 2 1 , arsenal should have had another 3 at least .
the cia is probably behind it . if extraordinary feats like project azorian are ( largely ) declassified , then imagine what is still classified .
as a brit i am not 100 sure i can think of any other use of the word . ' spunk is spunk '
and bugfixes delivered via microsoft service packs .
til that notable people of history are sometimes dead .
with extra motor
excruciating minutiae
i hear it smells a lot better than it used to !
no , i 'm not sure what other commenters are talking about . the dude who mentioned the ted talk is acting like it 's evidence that there 's added sugar in milk when the reality is just that milk has a lot of sugar in it .
about schmidt was a really funny movie . especially the parts with the kathy bates character and her family .
witness me !
literally hole brothers in japanese means guys who have slept with the same girl .
my parents did the same thing , married , divorced , married , divorced ... some symmetry at least . they made no attempt to conceal the sequence of events . as a teenager i thought it was pretty weird , as an older , married adult it just seems sad .
graphics have sure come a long way since this game was made .
remember , the same arguments you are using to limit the rights of others today will be the same arguments used to limit your rights tomorrow .
that 's an opinion not shared by many people .
can you watch porn on it ?
mati is dead in malay . interesting how it 's almost the same in other languages .
well based on another redditor ' s comment ... i got news for you .
til argonians call it argonia not black marsh
he 's not as smart as an octopus .
i thought it was 26 miles ? then the . 2 was added later because the queen wanted to watch the race or something ?
bonus til : he 's the only person to win two unshared nobel prizes .
makes about as much sense as red dawn being top conservative movie
oh calm down , dwight .
do n't forget a literal pimp !
there were 2 ways to legally have more then 1 kid before the law was changed . a . pay a massive fee b . in the countryside if your first child was a girl you could try again for a boy .
also , french monks were the first to ever domesticate rabbits , 1400 years ago , for this purpose . so i guess we can thank the pope for having pet bunnies now .
i fucking loved this show as a kid and had no idea about this
recently someone in another thread aptly pointed out that the south park holy trinity is randy , cartman , and butters .
and backwards it spells " etacsinmel " ... coincidence ?
whole thing is on youtube : __url__
this . folks are from donegal , grew up in tyrone .
its kinda ironic is n't dalton would use mostly kicks in most of his fights and rhonda lost due to a kick to the head
she is a lot more talented than some popular male rappers . i get that her main appeal is her body , but that does n't mean she does n't have any talent .
probably the same sheep from the witch .
al fai ta .
everyone knows kid vid ran that crew .
yeah ... i do n't care . we all know it feels good . regardless of whether or not it helps , it certainly reduces the pain .
a bit of a tangent , but i 've never met a woman with the name " todd " in my life .
old paintings and statues got pretty risqu
actually most of indian descendant have the same background
that 's incredibly heartbreaking to know .
what he actually said was : " i gotta rock ! " people should have sent him guitars .
fun fact : john prescott started his career as a waiter on cruise ships and served drinks to former prime minister anthony eden just after he retired ( following the suez crisis ) john prescott later became deputy prime minister
i want to die pick me !
fucking brilliant .
the wikipedia article , and the article it sources , says this " is said " to have been the case , and is " alleged " . there 's no evidence to back this up , and it 's almost certainly apocryphal .
fuuuuuuk youuuuu whaaaale !
actually , yes .
" poor mans indiana jones movie " alan quatermain king solomons mines ... anyone remember that one ? 13 fresh on rotten tomatoes , lol
yeha lets get the morale up with more ale .
fuck it ! we 'll do it live !
also my nickname in high school .
10 ft is average
wait ... if that 's superalabama , what 's alabama plus the florida panhandle ?
well , i am pretty sure cutting out sugar is one of the guidelines that doctors recommended for people going through treatment . it 's not going to cure anything , though .
that 's because voltaire is a god .
we already got the spoiler alert : ted cruz 's father did it . case closed . :p
lois , the mystery box could be anything ! it could even be a boat . you know how much we 've wanted one of those !
the mongols had a good one . problem : they wanted to attack a castle guarded by a moat . solution : force prisoners into the moat until it filled with bodies and could be crossed . edit : minor rephrasing for clarity
well in the south , we know it as a synonym . definitely not the most common one , but if somebody said spunk , they 'd assume you 're talking about semen .
say , is n't this the big lake they call gitche gumee ?
i 've always wandered why they chose this brand name .
he was a serial rapist . raped women constantly . something like 1 in 5 of the people in the region are descendants of his .
how to get executed as a spy , step one .
they have something like a 99 crash rate in hollywood movies . that 's even before suicide squad .
not op but i had fun changing the weapons , rof , damage , armor health of the units in the rules.ini file . my fav was giving the spy a silenced pistol ..
bud light : challenge accepted
phew . i 'm not alone in my poor memory .
thanks for the link . not a big tv or movie watcher .
yes . some connection with blade runner too .
drew carey .. ?
as a late night american redditor , i approve
fuck the others , i find that interesting
reference for anyone who is n't familiar : __url__
fun fact : the netherlands vs luxembourg have the same flag now , except their slightly lighter blue and aspect ratio .
ah the great tapatio vs cholula vs valentina debate
i loved her books as a kid . i grew up in portland , and it was always neat to find another landmark . ramona living on klickitat street . henry going down lombard street in a bathtub . i need to get to the library and check those books out again .
sounds apocryphal
how could he cheat ? all they had to do was ask him a random question .
why would they kill him in such a stupid way if they really wanted people to believe it was a suicide ? do you not think the cia is actually capable of making it look like a suicide ?
op 's link says that outside ground zero out makes a huge difference to your chances of survival with minor injuries , and explains why . it 's quite convincing .
fucking ollie .
1.1112 e11 mm under the sea
dasani , for after the bukakke
thank you samuel beckett ...
i would hate it if america was this . now excuse me i go shout about jesus to muslims .
houston has 277 mcdonalds and 32 walmarts . honestly i 'm surprised it does n't have at least 5 of these butane canister manufactures .
too bad , i like the sound of " ziggy stardust , commander of the british empire , and his spiders from mars . "
wavelengths
solution is obvious : get a pet raccoon . my plan is to get a raccoon side kick who is like the kick ass brotastic bro who broed this bro earth .
what a good girl
i 'm from tyrone ! if you americans want anymore name recommendations for your children how about monaghan , armagh or fermanagh .
i was waiting for the got reference !
i guess i 've never experienced aerosolized wasabi , but i would expect it to severely irritate the eyes . i assume the alarm designers thought of this , but it would be terrible and slightly amusing if the alarm immobilized the fire victims .
there 's so many of them !
probably should n't be doing coke when you 're 13 , that 's such a bad start in life . but really , who gives sells coke to a child ...
i came to this thread to laugh not to cry :(
itt : islamophobic bigots
not . yet .
all rise to the australian national anthem .
no not fear , respect it . but even then thats not words i would use . plus fear god ? in my experience itll show you fearing god is absurd , but maybe thats just " me "
i 've heard stories of bodies of water on the us 50 100 years ago . i think we 've done a pretty good job cleaning them up .
thats kinda how handing out hunting permits works .
izi pizi
the funny thing is that it 's actually seriously possible
so we 're just trying to start shit today huh ?
wow i 'm an idiot . i always thought it was because of the curved path you took across the street that was like the letter " j " instead of straight across on a crosswalk .
why the hell do you need exclamation mark for this ?
we also have bears ! fuck off australia and your lack of megafauna !
also others may have better memory understanding of this , but speed of a pendulum ( rough approximation of human legs during walking ) is proportional to length . increase the speed and you get longer steps per cycle .
more engineers and scientists as a percentage of the population than any other nation .
" independent " is used sort of interchangeably with " oscar bait " these days , even if they 're not really the same .
is that why vincent asked if there was bourbon in the 5 dollar milkshake ?
best player ever , still today !
" ay no ! "
whoopi goldberg watched michelle nichols and was inspired to be an actress .
i imagine a few sailors were screaming in pain too
i live in ceres , ca . there is a drawing of the goddess downtown that is extremely sun bleached .
seriously . his wikipedia image was taken in 2016 , but if i were to guess his age based on that photo , i 'd say around 55 .
actually its because of broken heart syndrome .
behold , i lay last night with my father that made me laugh out loud . sounds like some weird old timey fanfic . totally shipping lot and his daughters .
well , is like bj novak says , if the hare would have won , as always , there would n't be any story or interest at all . the hare won the rematch and nobody cared anyway .
odd , she also dated a neo nazi who probably adored german heritage too .
what if one dies ?
or when a fetus will have a heart beat ?
well , that and grunge . the seattle bands crashed upon the scene and pretty much swept hair bands like gnr and those guys aside .
do n't forget about geocities or web rings .
i do n't see anything particularly russian there . could you be more specific ? the top comment is from a cork woman , but that 's a different kind of people 's republic .
its their culture to die young , who are we to judge ?
it 's the third largest metropolitan area in ohio . the size of the city is irrelevant
classic dennis
he can thank crispin glover
i was n't sure if i should link the wiki article or the imdb , but yes , hitler does have an imdb page : __url__
i always wondered if these countries have large factories making american flags so they can burn on such special occasions .
ya like jazz ?
i believe it s called bear knuckle brawling .
when a dude 's gettin ' bullied and shoots up his school . and they blame it on marilyn , and the heroin , where were the parents at ? and look where it 's at , middle america , now it 's a tragedy , now it 's so sad to see an upper class city having this happening .
damn there 's a lot of perverts in hollywood
it twice too big for nothing .
" algeria was among the first countries that recognized the independence of the united states . " did n't know this .. thanks for sharing
this makes sense ... it was almost 10 years ago ...
mlk would have been an amazing pr rep today , he definitely knew how to market his cause and i say that with only respect . imagine what he could be doing for blm today ...
the movie that made me a fan of anthony hopkin the bounty
fun fact ! it is fairly common for adolescent dolphins to grab swimmers or other animals , and pull them down into underwater caves where they gangrape the figure repeatedly !
that 's the same thing the saudis i hung out with told me about america . they were determined to hit every strip club in tampa : )
john wick : oh fuck i 'm a seal now
yeah i think the andromeda ending was badass , lackluster bossfight but otherwise cool .
sarin attacks ?
lucky her , that state is awful . most corrupt state in the us .
if it makes you feel any better the greeks often left babies that they were unable to take care of in the town square . any infertile couple would often adopt that way .
not just mods . ' wait , you 're advertising us for free through your youtube let 's plays ? stop , or we 'll sue you ! '
every time i see the phrase ddt , i just think of the pro wrestling move . so this title gave me the mental image of a bald eagle being ddt d by randy orton
it happens , just not as often as some locations would have you believe . things break , but most equipment in places like mcdonalds are pretty robust and are broken on purpose or " broken " when it is a daily issue .
even in til i 'm finding prequel memes
look at all the spunk she has in her !
but why male models ?
wait , do people actually like her ass ? it 's comically big and does n't look good at all . case in point : __url__
china
place names in english have their etymological roots , too . japanese people are n't literally saying " sunrise land " when they use their country 's name .
i 've spent no time discovering planets . this guy spent years . we both discovered the same number of planets .
geography is your strong suit huh ?
she tried to beat her addiction to women but she just could n't lick it .
catastrophe .
ipcress file is basically the prototype for hipster apartment living .
scramble ! !
thats actually something interesting . a rare commodity on todayilearned
photo
here 's an example of the go motion t rex tippet was experimenting with for the movie : __url__ this was before the decision to use cgi .
ironic , since that 's an acceptable pronunciation . he became known as a science guy for being wrong about something .
aka transunion .
odd vodka
in the us we could have tosh in wang .
the party plates are always on cars that could go on the " sad single dad cars " facebook page .
say what you want to say about him he definitely loved his kids .
nestle make kit kats everywhere except in the us . this is because hershey obtained the license from the creators rowntree before they were acquired by nestle .
he referred to white wine as jesus juice , and red wine as jesus blood . and he would only allow his kids to eat 2 items from kfc the corn on cob , and the original recipe chicken with the skin removed . not even worth eating anymore .
we usually use x 0.5 l , but we have some othera as well , including 0.75 l .
business casual did a video on nestle , it 's a very good watch .
i blame the need to regularly fill up time on a daytime tv show . there 's only so many times you can tell people to eat plants and get exercise ...
i 'm not a bot , i 'm a different doggo . i love you all .
australia may have hundreds of unique species of poisonous everything , but the americas have the mighty raccoon . all hail the mighty trash panda !
see the movie " crossroads " featuring ralph machio on this very subject .
and none of them have aids .
one muslim friend of mine drinks , but does n't eat pork . if i had to pick one haram thing , i would have gone the other way .
grosjean is closely behind them at 104 races
no that is exactly what they dont believe anymore the historians you are referring to are the ones from the 19th century . the modern day historian community overwhelmingly agrees that the arabs were not in a war of conquest but a raiding tour similar to vikings at the time .
actually , a number of them were forced to transition into women since the quran had no problem with transsexuals ... which now makes me wonder about the rationality of afghanistan 's dancing boys ... curious .
at first i was very sure this was planet earth , halfway through i started thinking this is definitely just a parody and at the end i was n't sure .
i still do n't know why most people use them . most of their employees do what is essentially glorified data entry . you 're better off using turbotax or any other self service software .
wonder if this is why they were considered to be bad luck in the middle ages . it 's quite possible that shepherds noticed that ravens often preceded wolves .
shockley did n't have much to do with the transistor he just bullied his way into getting his name added onto the project .
i can also see lichen . i always new i had a hidden superpower .
" i let you live 75 years more so you could enjoy a nice and fruitful life before i ripped it away from you mwahaha "
imagine getting a compound fracture and having bones sticking out if your penis or clitoris .
r vegansaremetal
( begins packing a case of mad dog 20 20 )
this jeffrey dahmer guy sounds like a real weirdo .
and guess what political party has cut funding that helps those first responders dealing with health problems ?
by 60 nanoseconds
a defenstration demonstration by our representation sans hesitation to the consternation of the administration .
also , vaccines are n't 100 effective on healthy people . so they 're vulnerable to anti vax bullshit too .
come on rooster teeth podcast . not again ! lol
and there was this guy __url__ who survived both bombings .
calm down norm
is that where gay cowboys get their pudding ?
that 's the kind of petty shit i like to see from leaders . also i bet he never spanked him again , so , ya know . two birds one stone .
the house was never meant to be chosen . the company deliberately made it so that it loses 75k but profits in the long run by selling the house and getting marketing .
reading the posts on the subreddit is like reading comments left by someone with severe schizophrenia . it total word salad in there
i was paid 28 an hour to pour hydrochloric acid into containers in 2003ish . i caught a drop in the mouth once . there 's a lot of money in shit jobs . edit : whoops , wrote that out of context after reading u 3five
shit man , vowels are 250 ! ! who has that kind of money ?
wasted opportunity to rip out " bearsieged "
about 350
pokemon .
weird al has a masters in architecture . when it comes down to it , few people know where they belong in their late teens and twenties . as for me , almost 40 and still trying to figure it out .
you know the old saying : " twenty bucks is twenty bucks ! "
this blew my mind ! go ducky !
god fried i also lay claim to subsequent and even less clever puns about god frying stuff .
who would have thought the guy that said " segregation now , segregation tomorrow , and segregation forever " as part of his state government policy would be a dick ... i 'm shocked !
just like real writers .
hah , i thought it meant 1 5 th of the bottle .
taking " father of his country " to a new level .
officially . how many are just killed and never heard from again ?
bo ?
i knew him first as one half of the shaw bros . , who were responsible for producing some of the most important films of my youth , including the classic dirty ho ( sfw ) .
i mean ... they 're entirely surrounded by italy so there 's not really a need for a non ceremonial military anyway .
in russia we don t have proverbs , we have misery and vodka .
do as i do n't do .
so buy low on the outrage , sell high on the apathy ? __url__
is that you norm ? __url__
i heard he also kilt him a bar when he was only three .
burp morty i burp need you to do me a favor burp . i need burp you to take these memes burp and ... and shove them up your ass morty . come on burp do it for the old man morty burp .
he won another race for a week in 2003 .
worth it
how did you not work out that the slab is clear plastic , so you can see both sides ? and that people can take more than one photo of a thing ?
i see people on reddit constantly pointing to japans low crime rate when it is pretty well known the japanese police just do n't report a ton of crime .
working a lot does not mean you will ever get rich . it 's the " american dream " and it barely works in the usa , let alone greece .
it 's a win win !
you 're right . i do n't remember this at all . just the papers ripping into them as it was tap water , although the reality was it was still purified after or whatever . the stuff was fine but they got destroyed . plus the bottled water market is saturated anyway .
i got to spend a few days with michael ironside maybe ten years ago and asked him why he starred in a movie about a killer elevator . he said about the same thing with a smaller but no less substantial number .
tel aviv sounds amazing actually
should have gotten a guide cat .
really ? well , i 've never heard it before myself either .
larry david thinks so
i just spent a week in veradaro at 5 star resort and they hugged me when i gave them toothpaste and deodorant or even my shirts . they can n't get certain items even if they have the ludicrous amount of cash
i do n't see how anyone can resist it 's silly white smoothness . i love devouring milk and having it splash all over my face . moar milk !
no , not quite . that 's and ad for mesopotamia light . notice the stick figure representing a warrior suggestively holding a bronze spear to his crotch , and the " slay your enemies , not your tunics " tagline .
oh boy . this thread 's going to go down well .
i only would have thought that because david bowie 's space oddity is n't about an astronaut whereas rocket man actually is .
religion 's been a bone of contention in hollywood for some time .
he 's also the son of elvis presley
the part of this story that i never understand is why did the nazis give a shit about the prisoners ? why would they allow this delivery in the first place ? they are n't exactly known for their humanitarian concerns .
it did n't start that way though , the first few seasons are much more ' shock comedy ' .
it is , i 've had a great conversation over text with him . the voicemail is great too .
died just after delivering the message . another words they shot him and put him out of his misery .
i 've heard the jeff goldblum was n't cgi in that movie , but i 'm not sure i believe it .
i know , i kept imagining the world at the time , british empire , men in top hats , horse and carts , steamships , mark twain etc ... this sound actually came from that era . incredible .
a long long time ago in a galaxy far away naboo was under an attack
i hate snakes !
people looked different back then .
sell out ! with me oh yeah ... sell out ! with me tonight . record company is gonna give me lotsa money and everything 's gonna be alright .
smiling buddha sounds like an anime doomsday weapon .
i would imagine this is one of those cases of " you 're allowed to , but if you do we can and will arrest you "
i 'm fairly certain that frank zappa can answer that one
if you are actually an insurance agent and like money , this is bad advice to be giving out .
i thought the official substitution rules were " anything by rush , but never brian adams . "
i think it depends on continuity . i believe right now its owned by luthor ( who is also currently a super hero . though i 'm a bit behind , that might 've changed ... but he 's been a hero so goddamn long now i 'm legitimately thinking this might stick )
" be right back guys , i 'm gonna go nail this chick "
where the 1:1 succ at
we value profits over people .
this is april 1st rfc for those who are n't aware .
can you imagine the insanity of our local moral guardians if someone tried to do this in the united states ?
magnificent bastard
the virgin islands are wrecked and it 's not getting much coverage . you can find ways to help here __url__
they 're hiding something . search they 're drawers
saving his life ...
less numbers to print ! smart .
probably the weirdest human body function that ever existed
wish i could make 800 million off a " garbage tv show " .
american here what does sd mean ? besides resembling a drug .
my mother cooks socks where ?
this is what i m thinking . also if i m framing a suicide , i don t shoot twice .
my fair lady is also preety good !
that 's still about two times around the world , though .
she also preached not using birth control in a very over populated country so i would have to agree she was a piece of shit .
back
she denies climate change and insists that the earth is flat .
i think the real crime here is that he discarded pizza
the most accurate depiction of what happened . the most !
better than " our label is run by homos "
less use by far . we have n't dammed up a major waterway in a while , maybe a new hydro dam ?
lmao those " defense " chants are so retarded hahahah
til how long a league is
i 'll take a big salad .
while he could have put the letters , spaces and punctuation in a different order , he chose an arrangement that produced a very readable and entertaining outcome .
i wonder what goes through your mind when you are being zipped up in a body bag . truly a terrifying thought . thank you for your service master sergeant .
this is explains why i 'm always looking for a girl with bad posture and a hairy ass .
sanctum ? nearly killed ' em !
i 'm going to go ahead and agree with the angry man over here . it does n't piss me off quite as much , but the pun is far and away the lowest form of lazy wit . they 're not clever , and if you find them funny your sense of humour is not something i have any interest in sharing .
in 2017 , along the south african cost , four great whites were found washed ashore with their livers removed with what was described as ' surgical precision ' . local scientists claim that pods of orcas in the area were to blame for the attacks .
damn them mexicans are crazy multitaskers . able to take all of our jobs and be unemployed and leeching off of society at the same time !
rabbits only live for about 3 years so there 's always a couple of million rabbit carcasses around somewhere .
this would proof that you can definitely be in a simulation as well . especially when they start to build such a simulation .
to be fair , you can n't go a mile in virginia without running into a military facility .
the motorcade is not stopping to pay a fucking toll c'mon guys
wait , why did canada stab and eat someone ?
do you have a moment to hear about the good news of our lord and savior pelican christ ?
so your'e telling me there 's a chance .
strange use of capitalization .
a copy of moby dick is shown on a book shelf in the remains of khan 's old ship , the botany bay .
but tentacle cartoon porn is n't ? way to go , japan .
baise ouais ! plus fran ais que m me les fran ais ! l'honhonhon s'intensifie
a pace is n't a step . usually , and certainly in this case , a pace is the distance of two steps , the distance between your left footfall , and when it falls again . one thousand of these is about 5000 feet , giving us the mile .
i read that as he passed away yesterday and nearly had a heart attack . i do n't want him to die :(
you say that like the milk has added sugar .
man i 've never heard another rap album quite like e . 1999 eternal . it 's demonic , mysterious , and sounds like something from another world .
oh , it was stress , not the success that allowed him to blow through that much coke .
' til death to their parts .
the lesson ? do n't fuck with canada .
back when it was acceptable to get a solid buzz for lunch . now you just take a pill for it
well that 's comforting
that 's sad . now he may never have kids ...
if the iss travels at 17,150 mph ( according to google ) then relative to earth , she covered 75,460 miles . that 's and awesome stride !
or adopt !
first upc scanned . it was in marsh grocery store . i live right down the road . probably the only claim to fame out of troy .
they also used it in an episode of community . i wonder if it cost the same for them or if it was way cheaper since they 're both nbc shows .
fuck off , pepsi . stop trying to use civil rights to peddle your wares you cretins .
can i use the red plus instead ?
they closed the " last one in london " on my street last year after vice magazine grassed up the location . it seems sad really .
same here . been using it since i was 18 , i can n't change it now .
sabaton wrote a song about them
i give it an hour until this post is removed by the mods .
co star dominique dunn was strangled by her ex .
rip phil hartman . we also lost lionel hutz .
i 'm mexican and i am a little angry because we have one of the greatest anthems
i heard a story of the police investigating the disappearance was quoted ( accidentally ) saying " the investigation has come to a dead halt holt "
so you would sacrifice your ass to the infinite boner god . thanks greece .
that is an amazing line .
i saw inside out in iceland , and the subtitles changed her name to a more traditional female icelandic name .
apparently not on r 2meirl4meirl
well , that 's dumb
all the homies poured out a little peanut butter that day . actually , it spanned many days because peanut butter takes a long time to pour out .
yet now they just poop where ever when they need . is that the next level ?
the last podcast on the left did a fantastic episode on him . that dude was scary as hell .
can confirm . am queen 's humpback .
i need more upvotes for this
it can depend on the mos in the army . every marine , every marine , requires yearly weapon training and they can all sub in for infantry basically . not true of all army moss .
i actually think it 's pretty cool lol
my school has a scholarship if you have a specific name . does that count ? sorry , i dont know the name .
still , you have one shot and most likely no prior experience with getting it done . that would be badass af though .
especially the italian super duck comics . characters even died in those .
there really is n't a dog overpopulation problem in germany . there are no homeless dogs and shelters are not overrun . there is even enough space that shelters get strays from romania and spain . shelters struggle more with too many cats .
if only you knew what you are missing .
shame they changed the law , i would have liked to be ' deported ' to australia .
i have a friend whose dad worked for the us embassy in saigon . her family was one of the ones evacuated off the roof by helicopter .
that 's ridiculous , keeps the competition good though .
is it bestiality if the non human species is the one making the advances ?
so ... i can have a serial killer read me bedtime stories ?
that and they were told that surrender is worse than death . and the barbarian invaders will treat them horrible ( probably nostril rape ) .
" what should we name this state ? i know , columbia ! " " nah ... that 'll get confused with washington , district of columbia . we need a different name " " washington ! " " omg done ! "
gandhi
the " peter principle "
yes . they did n't have gears and in order to make them faster they increased the size of the wheel .
me too ! it 's happened twice now . supervisor is leaving , and i 'm being groomed to take his place . i end up starting his duties , then right after he leaves they tell me the position is being cut , and somehow i continue doing said duties .
gorbachev is also a pretty good singer : music much better than putin : in concert
and facebook is zuckerberg 's because he screwed over his friend .
spoilers !
this is n't even a ' til ' , this is a " how can i be clever and use this subreddit to try and make a point " . frequently occurs on r showerthoughts as well .
i just want another film about the colonial marines
how can this man be 86 years old ? even botox has its limits .
she 's very strange looking , but also kinda hot . im a straight male , so i 'm not 100 sure , but i have a feeling that michael c . hall is also sorta strange looking , but also sorta hot . like he 's got a dope body , but he kinda has the face of a toddler .
figures , could n't even tell the difference between a clip and a magazine .
now i want a rocking chair
i once had a turkish exchange student in a sociology class and we were talking about the turkish holocaust and she denied that it ever happened , she said a bunch of people moved away but never died and we had to explain to her that a holocaust happened
especially on any working role .
yeah being carcinogenic isnt even the part about silica dust you need to be worried about , you 'll be miserable from the scarred lungs long before the cancer gets you
i hate you as a person and an octopus .
that was the reason why they killed him off . they told him he was pushing back the movie schedule by making them wait a few hours for him to trek up the mountain
he 's also one of few people to have served in both world wars and korea that was n't a general officer .
wait until you find out about darin in " bewitched " .
" we do n't want it . coke just tastes better " coke .
why ? did i hurt you ?
she was on my cat from hell . she was terrible on there and then i went and checked her twitter and confirmed the whole thing . genuinely awful person .
but sometimes a pipe is just a pipe .
til : three recent presidents of the us were born in 1946 .
seriously , human rights abuses all over the place . i 'm honestly really worried that they 're becoming the next big global superpower .
i think we can all agree . it was a show about george .
probably also cheaper to take over an actual african village instead of hiring actors
hear his voice . alexander graham bell .
you can probably piece it together though . comes with instructions .
i 've always heard carrots improve your eyesight ( which is a falsehood although the beta carotene can improve corneal health ) i never heard they could help you see in the dark . that 's a way better lie .
i 'm guessing perfume and tequila explosions had something to do with there only being 9 left .
this is what who fuck ?
fucking hell i 'm so useless .
well , yeah . you have n't noticed that it 's no longer available on the shelves at the drugstore ?
i will n't be voting there , then .
it 's pretty common for girls 18 to 25 in service industry to quit for just about any reason . they 'll just pop back up in another restaurant in a couple weeks .
what you may not know is that teller 's left big toenail is always painted brown in remembrance of the time he shoved it up a reporters ass for asking the wrong question .
i thought not . it s not a story the jedi would tell you .
fucking melisandre
and he was 33 at the time of filming ( same age as jesus when he was crucified ) , and his initials are jc .
i believe it was the third hole of the par three course .
vettel earning more money than a man that describes himself as floyd " money " mayweather , there is no way he is making that much .
yeah i got one of those " silver " us dollars once with the blue ink . was all excited thinking it was worth something . looked it up yeah about 1.14 .
you arrest me for " civil disobedience " ? i just do what 's right for humanity !
nope , it 's barcelonas turn next season .
sodium in water ? ... why ? is that common ?
fuck he have you not been gilded ? edit : wow my first gold ! ! ! cheers ! ! !
it 's worth noting that h0h is actually a quebec postal code , localized in montreal .
the original alterac valley .
when your speech level is maxed ...
til : shirley temple was " infamous " .
roald dahl was a fascinating person . his autobiographies are great .
i think i 'd rather deal with pantsless dave than virtuous gertrude most days .
that 's crazy . i also learned this from the til 7 hours ago . __url__
which is rapidly shrinking lol
" oh look elaine , the black and white cookie . i love the black and white . two races of flavor living side by side in harmony . it 's a wonderful thing , is n't it ? "
maat means death , y'all . checkmate is " the king is dead . "
i mean he got arrested but the guy would have been killed from an underground blast
in contrast kimi won 7 races in 2005 and still lost the championship . __url__
heck coke was involved in assassinations in south america and they have n't even changed names
the west intentionally fucking a country in the middle east up because of oil ? well i never
ok
pretty understandable considering he was also the first person to discover wine . " man this juice is making me feel great ! "
damn , imagine that conversation : " wait ... you did what ? oh no "
r linuxmasterrace
shes also a bloody good shot as well . she 'll fuck yo up and steal your car fam . do n't mess with the monarchy !
and chevy chase was kicked out steely dan for being an asshole .
laughing in background
til that steve o is classically trained
denver was part of texas , and we want it back .
and a lot ended up in charity shops , so many that some built walls out of the books .
hotmess.com damn no one is using that ...
i 'd fuck the regret out of that .
i am disappointed i can n't go and find when i registered mine . not sure if it was year 0 , but it has to be close . definitely 1998 or sooner
maybe he just felt like talking to himself .
i do n't know what success if is for brexit .
eh , 4 10 troll job . you 're a bit obvious , no one alive has any considerable amount of salt towards tesla .
planet money did a great podcast about blumhouse productions and how they 're cleaning up with low micro budget films . it 's a great episode !
his real name was armin tamzarian .
stupid science bitch could n't make my friend more smarter
til that jack black was paul revere
a lot of that due to the fact that his lab was burned down with all his research and notes . he did n't really recover from that
if you 're eating matches , maybe that 's natural selection ...
the maps they have everywhere would be helpful . or use your phone .
the finale was the final episode .
that goofy russel brand gave a very funny but cutting lesson on this at the hugo boss awards dinner .
the wiki leads to nypost nypost points to fauxnews fauxnews links to the original connecticut college article which is since 404 ' d and cannot be found always check your sources
i found this movie cheesy and lame . i was so excited when i heard about how gruesome it was , turned out to be boring and a waste of time .
it took me longer than i care to admit to figure out how he could get away with that .
our family dog was a stray , but i 've never seen a stray dog either .
i mean last time i used a floppy disc was around 2010 to fix a boot error that occurred on my specific hard drive and windows that a cd could n't be used to fix . so it has it 's purposes .
consider it done
me too !
mega man x , x2 , and x3 , for wire framing among other complex math . super mario world 2 for acid tripping . donkey kong country for pre rendered 3d .
the island of manhattan is 53.13 times smaller than the state of rhode island .
somebody screwed up then , because hollywood accounting normally prevents any profit from being made .
it appears they are missing their mouth .
does everyone like children ? no . does everyone like young adults ? basically , yes . you re the weirdo .
we 'd have remans then ...
too bad he does n't make good choices like that anymore . the last die hard was a complete mess . now he 's starring in the worst b movie action thriller movies ever .
did n't usajobs.gov have a job posting for denver international airport that required a top secret security clearance ?
my thoughts exactly , the man dedicated his life to preserving wildlife and some cunts went and killed wildlife in his honour ? he would have been mortified .
thats seriously my story as an employee .
here is what the tank looked like : __url__ and the abused cat : __url__
quantum blackjack : the cards are both particle and wave , which makes the job of the dealer a bit trickier . also , counting the cards changes the deck .
and people still want fascism . there 's people in this thread arguing for an elite class to rule over us and decide if we can live and die . they want a health insurance company to decide if you are worthy of living .
um , does that mean monarchy of britain technically has no legitimacy ?
you do n't need acid to come to grips with the fact that you 're going to die .
so that 's where the idea for the flying challenges in just cause 3 came from ...
to be fair 20 usd probably goes a hell of a lot farther where you live .
almost the american dream . they did say he was still wearing his underwear , and there was no mention of a blunt or high class call girl .
it was not tuned properly for him when he went on stage , so during his first show with it , the device kept shocking his heart .
:d
maybe op is 14 years old ?
nah frank did invent rum ham though .
they then came to america and opened a lodge in vermont , that 's still open ! the von trapp family lodge . my mom went there this spring !
shakey looks like he 'll get leicester above us so there 's that .
i 'm a capricorn , so i do n't believe in astrology .
it feels weird signing for credit card transactions when visiting the us . here i pretty much just tap my phone for everything and that 's that . i never use cash at all .
til that indulgence sales was a thing . human capacity for gullibility is surpassed matched only by human capacity to exploit it . edit : someone suggested better words
no disrespect to ashton , but that kind of makes his awful portrayal of jobs even more hilarious . you could tell the dude was trying so hard and that he thought it would be his magnum opus , but the film was just straight garbage and pretty cringe worthy .
also no english manager in the top 8 . wonder who was the last english pl manager to finish in the top 4 ?
ha ! got emmmm
they had a good run together , what more can you ask for ?
nowadays he 'd be a neckbeard mod on r atheism .
lol every time dexter is mentioned
they 've been known to pursue whale calves for days to only to eat their tongue .
only alberta . that 's like saying " is banned in the usa " when it 's banned in arkansas
i will go down with this ship and i will n't put my hands up and surrender .
which one do you fuck with ? kutbil ik is bomb .
you walked right by me . i was coming down from 55 .
so they were in dentured servants ?
no fun allowed guys , reddit is serious business
and then the station he worked for was sued because he was supposedly in the way of people escaping and did not do enough to help them .
he refused to have his toe amputated , because he did n't want to lose his ability to play soccer .
i think the ui and mechanics are just good enough to keep frustration at bay . i personally like to play og vanilla unmodded , but there are lots of mods and tweak programs you can get to improve things , if you want .
i forget who this was about but one of the funniest music reviews i 've ever read was " it sounded like someone pressed the ' record ' button immediately before crashing a glass panel truck into a chicken coop . "
the russian movies called him garry potter . " you 're a wizard , garry " " welcome to hogwarts , garry ! "
and chicago .
every profession is .
the first day might have been an accident ...
i still replace the washers . my kitchen faucet is at least 15 years old .
he s on ir so out at the very least 6 more weeks
__url__
interesting that some are saying they did n't play it , i 've seen maiden about 7 or 8 times starting in the early 90s and most recently a few months ago , every show i 've been at it 's been played .
you think that 's bad , check out the ugly motherfucker who won in 2006 .
because the did ... at least according to multiple people an hinted at by christie
til : sprinkled buried
well i would n't say everyo ... oh you !
i 'd feel bad killing drizzt , would have been cool if he could join the party instead ( can n't remember if he could ? )
i saw references of this on archer mad men , but i did n't know they were so thorough
i miss those things . bonus til : the old after dark screen saver was recreated in css and runs flawlessly in a browser window ! full screen it and feel like you to are in 1993 . __url__
these comments are terrifying !
i 'm ashamed to say i got it the first time i saw it . not because i 'm super smart or anything , but rather i watched nickelodeon regularly late in high school and even in college .
" ... condence it to nestl " ftfy
too bad j roc left tpb he could have worked on a new trailer park girls gone wild video with snoop , gnomesayn ?
cooperation with the investigation ? how did that go ? " i bought them guns then they shot people " case closed ! 3 people are to blame !
a movie about a ridiculously smart and arrogant man with poor social skills who goes around solving crimes and mysteries ? no one would watch something like that .
yes , no ?
going out on a limb and saying foreclosure . but maybe divorce because a its a couple on the public record , then down to only a single person from the couple the next filing .
i do n't think anne frank would have cared . i mean , how attached can you get to a house when you are blind , def and dumb ?
i 'm curious as to how they could possibly know what an ant , raven , or bee is communicating at all , let alone the subject matter of the conversation .
actually , when you are talking about hanging a person , the proper past tense is hanged .
i cant wait for harmonquest season 2 .
pics or it did n't happen .
standing room only , everybody 's dying to get in
when someone uses same day delivery at 11pm
describes pop artists pretty aptly .
he 's a generous , giving guy , but definitely a dick . if aliens wanted an example of the best and worst that humanity can be , i 'd give them bill shatner .
__url__
it s mine too !
boromir became my favorite character after watching the extended editions ... such amazing scenes in gondor .
reddit is weirdly judgemental about sexual relations with under 18s considering how many of them jerk off to 16 17 year olds on gonewild .
very much related , this guy does a by the numbers breakdown of all the deaths ( bad guys especially ) in 24 , as well as some commentary on the ramifications of the show post 9 11 . well worth a watch .
there are countries that use the metric system and countries that have gone to the moon by using the metric system .
this is called the cold death of the galaxy , and it means you , your life , and anything you accomplish will be meaningless . only those who follow christ can be saved .
probably trump , he is the president and i imagine that would be quite the incentive to go to war .
i feel like they should definitely use " on the spectrum " as their advertising slogan . are you on the spectrum ?
til that in 2008 a sleuth of 30 bears besieged a platinum mining compound in the olyotorsky district of northern kamchatka . two guards were killed and they prevented workers from leaving their homes from the same article !
if i recall correctly , his media and promoting science to the public activities are also one of the big things that led to him getting denied tenure at harvard .
i 'm ... intrigued .
if you 're ever in south louisiana they offer a great tour of the facility at avery island . you can smell the island from a mile away .
what the fuck ?
party plates . ugliest plates you 'd ever hope to have . it 's considered good etiquette here to point them out to your friends .
now i have to reach every piece of historical fiction drama to see how much money they were talking about . i 'm always like " 100 pounds sounds like not that much "
holds up spear leeeeeeerooooooooyyyyy
jesus that 's dark . and fucking long . beautiful i agree but freaking long .
its reload is nice but its weak
given poor laika effectively baked to death after six hours in the heat and radiation of the sun , this was a wise move .
" general motors proving ground " another cool reminder of how the us auto industry produced arms for the war . they retooled plants pretty damn fast and did a lot of r d work as well .
female investigator : " isaac , you were right . it was a father and son team doing the counterfeits . " newton : " well , looks like the apple takes off sunglasses does n't fall far from the tree . "
chemo is poison . so poison is medicine ? medicine .
! redditsilver
especially if you 're married to sharon . she 's the real genius .
i checked the url to see if it was the rickroll video , it was n't , thought to myself , " hmm , i have n't seen a rickroll in a while " , and clicked the link . curse you !
that 's not what they are saying . we do n't know if there are others . your title implies that we do
just a little too much paul masson
jesus , and i just started tearing up when plucking a hair in between my eyebrows .
then the white devils invented electricity , air conditioning , immunizations , human flight , advanced agrarian technologies , etc . , to oppress the blacks .
there 's lots of passages in the bible about being allowed , even obligated , to execute someone , and at least one story of god interrupting an execution . so at least regarding the abrahamic religions i think it 's consistent .
yup they have good buoyancy . can confirm since i 'm that big . jk . elephants are awesome
man i just watched the revenant for the first time a few weeks ago . that fucking bear man . that had me on the edge of my seat .
dangerous as it is , i totally get why people do it . those caves look amazing . i think i 'd pass on the opportunity , though .
he said a roman soldier , not cincinnatus
or the rest of the world catches them when they are murderers and not turned to serial killers yet . lots of different ways to look at this .
reminds me of the couple who separated their collection in court during their divorce
i love video games and watching movies . can n't make money doing that . i love golf but working in the golf industry is ruining that for me . idkwtf to do for money and i hate it .
the christian 's are coming . take cover .
i guess the lemon juice did n't run down his leg on that one .
should we tell him ?
i never understood why people like to give celebrities shit for taking jobs for the pay . i have worked for some real garbage companies that i 'm not proud of just to pay my bills . i do n't see how an actor in a shit movie would be any different .
i still say heroin is a preservative . look at keith richards . dude is practically embalmed alive .
why didnt he name it charlene then ?
grammar north korean would probably be more suitable .
makes sense . i 've not been sleeping well because of the heat and now the universe is throttling me when i 'm awake .
s07e01 baby watch party at my house
to be fair most of the disputed ones are just outdated .
i had a hotmail account back in the mid nineties . my mum thought it was " hotmale " and that i was using that address to pick up chicks .
dolphins are overrated
i learned english through a webpage that was a text based naruto rpg . it has a blue background ... that is all i remember . i only became a chuunin ..
not voting for donald sounds like a great idea to me too !
mqt is one the greatest places on earth . i 'd give anything for a sandwich and a pasty from jean kay 's right now .
did someone poison the watering hole with peyote ?
you joke , but it takes some pretty smart people to make a line so succinctly representative of a personality while being memorable and funny .
she was rollin ' on e . still , if anne heche wants to take a shower at my place that 's fine with me .
dat clockwork orange cosplay . holy hell .
because she 's way more famous and successful than all of those groups . maybe combined .
blind people are screwed
yeah ... we 're doomed .
based on what ? why do you assume the us has the only competent police forces ?
chirp chirp !
big tits
but she stole all the milk from children in britain to recoup the costs .
then genghis khans grandson converted to islam .
in switzerland you can n't own a single guinea pig because they 're very social animals and need a companion to remain psychologically healthy .
gooby pls
i 've worked for ibm for 7 years and never heard of this , interesting .
so does she accept the proposal by taking a bite ?
talk about going 0 60 in a heartbeat
if you eat nothing but mustard and then fart is that mustard gas ?
raw eggs can coat your vocal cords throat in mucus so it would give her a phlegmy sounding voice . edit : i dun fucked up
the us military actually uses this as the official symbol for military medicine .
copeland , les claypool from primus , and trey anastasio from phish come together to form oysterhead . super awesome band
proving once again that the only color that really matters in america is green .
adjusted of course for politeness in different cultures . in america , you can just fire one of your guns into the air . in australia , you just yell " oi cunt ! " out the window . in japan , the polite horn does n't do anything .
do n't be a __url__
my dog has done that , she ate skull even . i had to leave the house because , well , because
same thing with the whole humpty dumpty fiasco giving the horses the first chance to put him back together was the sort of blithe insouciance that leads to the end of dynasties
the look on that .
megatron second paragraph , first sentence .
how would one appropriate say 20 litres of this ?
do you even remember this marketing campaign fellow uk person ? i remember dansai failing , but i remembered it being because they just used tap water , maybe there were two seperate incidences ...
it 's ok , it 's not like you 're the president and do n't know that . that would be insane .
that moosestache . it 's glorious .
haahahaha handsome ... that 's cute
in this movie , lea thompson nearly has sex with howard the duck . a few years later , he she married howard deutch . coincidence ? ( yes . )
it 's been talked about before , but just imagine what space defence nasa could create if they had the military 's budget ..
ok , but do you make claims about " girl drama " that you 're trying to avoid ? thats the real root of this idea
i wonder if he is a distant relative of mine .
in the centuries leading up to newton , alchemy and astrology were the primary means for the scientists of the time to get funding from royalty . want a precision telescope ? tell the king you can predict the future with the stars .
camel toe means i 'm tough and strong like a camels toe .
the only problem with any breed is that people think they are " aggressive looking " and " cool " if all dogs looked like labradoodles , we would n't have to have this discussion . the problem is with the humans .
i 've been staring at my conditioner for quite a while now . it 's just not turning me on .
he was given that role as he was the first choice for the star trek character luther sloan from section 31 , the organisation cerberus was based on .
a red neck can also close it by holding the jaw closed between their chin and chest .
pudding is just their pet name for each other .
well his sister is number three prostitute . her vagine hang like sleeve of wizard .
haha you cheeky cunt , you removed your spurs flair eh
admiral chad
chinese restaurant was close .
i know i 'm going to get buried for this , i 'm prepared for the downvotes , here 's my very controversial opinion . please be gentle . ok , here goes ... ahem ... i do n't like ea and their business practices .
the secrecy part resonates but i can t imagine the rest of it .
it ai n't me it ai n't me i ai n't no bin laden 's son
for me it was lynch 's elephant man , but if anyone is worthy of stepping into charles laughton 's shoes it 's hopkins .
i 'm not a musical fan usually but if shostakovich liked it , i want to see it ...
ring ring ring ring ring ring ring coup d ' tat
they did n't have the best tools or all the know how , but they did have a wheel barrow full of love . and a cement mixer full of hope , and some cement .
i think it 's a great kids show because it 's very child like humor . omg swear words !
to be fair , dasani tastes like bottled semen so
lol , yet he only criticizes one side of politics . freedom is wasted on some people .
for decades asbestos was considered harmless , nobody knew it caused cancer and the marketing departments considered it a miracle material .
a quote from someone i saw once on twitter " if youre not forgetting your password , your password isnt good enough . " i think 63 characters is pretty darn good .
i 've written a bunch of short stories in a single night without editing . they were absolute garbage .
being a parent to a teen is paying your dues for being a teen . now you will suffer like your own parents did .
there 's absolutely no evidence of that , actually
lol
that was true about 20 years ago , too .
in fact , pretty much the opposite this is in cambria , ca
yeah what s the deal ? i wanna learn that today !
you nailed it
finally trump supporters have an excuse not to be called idiots anymore
both white and black people wanted to see if celebrity was actually more powerful than the law .
this is partially incorrect . the lenses that replace your natural one are all uv filtered , because uv is damaging to our cells , and you do n't want to blast the retina with that . you can opt for a non uv blocking one , but it is not recommended for obvious reasons .
tragically he died when the pop rocks factory developed a leaky roof .
yeah my dad works for a point of sales company and always complained about how long it was going to take the u . s to go to nfc when we were just now transitioning to the chip cards .
what do you think the republicans are doing with their healthcare bill ?
the portuguese were the first europeans to make contact with the japanese , so its not surprising honestly
is it still worth playing for a first time today ? or would the out of date mechanics be frustrating . i 'm considering the enhanced edition and the sequel maybe ...
' amy good gorilla . '
problem is that not so many people think globally , and are still having loads of kids , because tradition ( looking at you , africa ) .
this always makes me laugh __url__
it was a territory , and it was still a part of the usa . statehood came later . many states started out as territories . your title is misleading .
stay tuned for a two hour expose and his parents full doxx .
i remember watching " the girl with the gifts " and glenn close plays a medical scientist . she uses " shrodingers cat " as some sort of foreshadowing dialogue to push the plot . but frankly i thought the whole thing was very stupid , since it was a film about zombies .
in donuts ?
a bugs life , by a country mile . i still consider it one of pixar 's best , most resonant movies .
b a n a n a n a ...
what a relief !
" floppy disks are like jesus . they died to become the icon of saving . "
gilbert gottfried
and an reo speedwagon is a flat bed truck edit : type of truck
now can we do the same with some turkey drumsticks , then candycanes , then little chocolate hearts , and finally easter bunnies ? with any luck we can extend daylight savings to cover the entire year !
wait til you hear how nk solves the obesity problem .
and , adding insult to injury , the primary protein in milk , caseins , has been linked to promoting the growth of many common cancers . edit : spelling
ouch oof owie
brotein .
" kill yourself , or die trying "
yeah but they were dwarf mammoths .
i feel like this translates to elder scroll stats . weakness to fire , resistance to shock , lower damage resistance .
what 's so tricky about parking there . i do n't see it . honestly . except of course if the only way to do it is if you have to park the car in reverse ( trunk end ) first . oddly its the safest way to park and exit the spot . can any one clarify .
better than dying from cancer .
yea . but then you dont have a weapon anymore once they break . they are super brittle .
unfortunately for him , they were n't trying to hit elephants .
james and elise williams .
he did it just because he could s
and if you believe neil gaiman , he originated in a new york marketing department . but who listens to neil ?
" daddy gets mean when he drinks his diet coke ... "
is the restriction that you can n't use electricity on the sabbath ? because if so , it seems counter productive to have elevators running non stop , because it would use more electricity than if they were running as needed .
i prefer them all , thank you . maybe some addition , but no subraction of amendments . and the whole muh mah thing is played out assuming everyone with a different viewpoint is a redneck idiot . brown , educated , urban liberal dude that s pro 2a .
six
also , yes .
yes , but how was his covfefe ?
frog is wrong .
i 'm glad op clarified it as texas , usa .
sad that he never amounted to much . he could probably have done great ( or terrible ) things given the right education .
i 'm a massive always sunny fan but thought that episode was a bit weak .
she should just be glad it was n't commercialized by the beer companies like almost all of the rest of the holidays , cinqo de mayo my ass .
my fridge has sabbath mode .. when i first read it i thought it meant it would play some rock n roll .
sean : " that is no eagle , but perhaps the strangest nazgul that i have ever seen . no matter , it dies ! run frodo , i 'll hold it off ! " draws sword and charges elija : " sean wait ! god damnit he 's worse than viggo ... "
not from north america but i smelled a skunk when i was there and it smelled rather like that smoke as well . is that why it 's sometimes known as ' skunk ' ?
they should add a second star to make a smiley face .
the one with richard pryor is fuckin lit fam .
or assassinating jfk
you have n't lived until you get laid
if your first inkling as a business owner is to outsource or move production overseas to avoid labor laws , then you deserve whatever fate finds you .
ive been to some shelters here and they are not that bad . certainly better than dying .
fuck why did i laugh so hard at that
360triplescope , i wanna buy your rock
why were both sides competing ?
i 've heard it as " no snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible . "
of course you knight the guys that are wiping your ass , who the fuck else is more loyal than that .
to be fair it 's better stingrays than snow leopards or white rhinos .
researcher in this general area here and am familiar with this study . this wikipedia page is really off the boy who cried wolf did n't work to decrease lying , but it did n't increase lying relative to a control condition .
or inside your ear
a massive roll out started about a year or two ago .
if you marry a fish , scale down your expectations .
first one on the list .
da ' gall of de gaulle .
you said " employee " d " do they no longer do this ?
that sounds terrifying ...
serious business .
when you buy heroes that you like because they have a funny voiceline but you get perma 'd for using it jebaited
it holds up pretty well . i just rewatched it all and it 's hilarious still .
a ... banana republic ?
he also talks about it in the extra material .
1:1 japanese relief box logo
pho bich nga
given that republicans are responsible for 90 of our national debt you should probably stop being on par with republican fiscal ideologies they are kinda playing you for a fool
the movie will n't show what happened . it will remain a mystery but imply that a lot of badassery went down .
add a little bit of lemon , keep it in the oven for 30 45 minutes , put some garnish beside it ...
plot twist : he may have asked for eight bullets , but only received three bullets because they were all low on ammo .
some of them would then govern from the shadows . " retired emperor " is an unofficial position with none of he ceremony and all of the benefits .
the ones located just above the poop deck ?
for him ? probably not destroying google or bill gates before he went .
they made a new one like 5 years ago that 's more scientific .
ironically he also coined the phrase " it 's turtles all the way down . " not really
lemmy from mot rhead too .
" hey , subscriptions are up ! wonder why ... oh shit . "
actually , i get you , but that 's how we achieve science .
incredibly smart business model in that regard .
it 's a heston blumenthal restaurant , he is well known in the uk , he has many resteraunts and they are all very expensive but also on the cutting edge so to speak of gastronomy .
not even remotely true , but thanks for the laugh .
if tesla died first and this til was about a nasty obituary edison wrote for him , the contempt in this thread would be off the charts .
someone liked my comment so much that he decided to spend some money supporting reddit )
laissez les bon temps roulez .
his memes have substantially longer lives than his characters
i feel like it should be carl instead of karl for carl sandburg . makes me think of his poem " the fog comes on little cat feet . "
__url__ looks like they simply did n't use the numbers in pre conquest england
oh shit , op is a t rex calling for a ceasefire of t rex memes
oh fucking hell i 'd forgotte nabout that . fucking shameful , what they did .
shame , would have been fun if we owned that too
my dad did for 26 years . then finally took a desk job for 3 more before retiring . but being 6 ' 5 and working in subs took such a toll on his body he 's getting like 90 disability now that he 's out
meh , everyone wants a moderate dictatorship because everyone wants their party to rule forever .
the website has a " share to myspace " function . i feel like i discovered a time capsule .
i loved river raid . probably my favorite along with chopper command and pitfall .
head ! pants ! now !
grammatically correct , his style already is . standard , it is not .
instead of going on a long rant the next time anyone wants to argue against the big four , i 'll just link to this page . thanks op . ps the people who compiled all this stuff are my heroes . thanks wikipedia
i love that song , including the version with alternate lyrics from the pirate movie .
just re read that recently . highly recommend .
the u . s . is big , really big .
drops mic
i prefer this one
you can have boobs and not be attractive
so you are saying that pete had a good grasp of the peter principal and places himself in a position prior to his level of incompetence ?
there is a documentary on netflix about him and other italians that helped jews hide escape during wwii . it is called " my italian secret the forgotten heroes . "
that 's cool ! are your username , ssn , dob the same thing as well ? ?
dare me to drive ?
this painting is just super surreal to me , it looks like something straight outta bioshock , as dumb as that sounds .
that does n't make it better .
a bugs life was pixar , before they were bought by disney . i think that disney , through buena vista , was the distributor of the movie .
are you sure that is not a cat ?
sending you and your mom my best wishes . hugs .
yea because he 's just a mentally ill nutjob . edit : also you forgot alt right neo nazi , white supremacist , kkk member .
as a mother of a 4 year old and a 1.5 year old who have just had two friends each round to the house , there 's not enough wine in the world . send supplies .
fuuuuck , as a wisconsinite i did n't realize that was a wisconsin thing , and not just ... a thing .
2 for sack lunch i wonder if they got shrunk down or are in a giant sack ?
french consider fries to be belgian . we do n't know why you think they 're french . then again we do n't know why you do most things .
probably due to their intelligence . they do n't have predatory instincts , but they can figure it out .
it dissipates greatly over time . the risk is highly overrated .
staples must have been some important business back then .
having an older mom is gonna fuck me up too . my mom is almost 70 and i 'm only in my early 20s . not looking forward to it .
i do n't like the humans in that movie , they look too real
then in 2006 massa won it first time out in a ferrari . typical .
__url__ here you go .
i 'm greek and i 'm offended
like her or not . still gotta respect her .
reminds me of the attacks on the press that he made standing next to clinton . clinton laughing his ass off the whole time .
you feel like being a liar bot created by u goal 1
america is n't even 1 in obesity ! gosh darn it !
to be honest 43 ships sounds like a lot
aka the american dream .
so was her ass .
i feel like samuel l . jackson just does whatever the fuck movie he feels like doing , amazing or terrible . respect for that .
best columbia
congocongoer
you 're obviously wrong , tapatio is better .
did n't they already discovered he has a rare mutation that makes him more resilent to drugs except for coffe ?
it 's almost like the emmys are n't an actual measure of a person 's acting ability . more or less political fellatio perpetuated by the academy edit : my phone hates me
r crappydesign
offer them to andy dick
you do realize that the republicans , the more conservative party , passed the patriot act , which effectively takes the constitution and makes it no better than 2 ply .
yea but there 's an upper limit here . you 're not going to get 4 trillion dollars payback for a trillion dollar investment in parks . still need private and public sector investments .
... according to adam .
it was an art project by nate hill , who is most famously known as being death bear
should n't have wasted nearly a century on communism .
til the 007 golden gun does exist .
same root for " chapati " i assume ? feels weird to think that etymologically i wash my hair with unleavened flatbread
yeah holy shit the disgusting gag face they make when " it " gets in their mouth ... why is that even something you would put when marketing it ? ?
or set the simulation speed to half and they 'll perceive reality the same but save processing power . disclaimer i know nothing about computer science
i , for one , welcome our new octopi overlords .
wow , i 'd only ever heard this from eminem . cool thing to learn , thanks .
what mad fucker decided to inject a frog with preggo piss ?
how surreal would it be to see ai inside of your simulation begin to talk about being in a simulation ?
jackson was a real weird guy with a sometimes unsteady grasp f the real world but he seems t have had a heart of gold .
pop pop ! !
i do n't know the timeline of who was cast when , but if tom hanks is in the movie you can bet it 's going to be successful .
the meanings are related . being full of spunk , ie vital force semen vitality however you want to phrase it . it has become more vulgar , but the root is the same .
my old house sold for about 79k in 1996 . when it sold again in approximately 2006 ( ? ) it was valued at 180k . it 's weird , and it sucks . wages sure as hell have n't jumped up the same .
it 's also been theorized that john wayne got his cancer from filming various westerns right next to nuclear testing sites .
the ny times worded it pretty carefully to make it clear that this was just his claim and they did n't stand behind it .
... what ?
manual transmission
the most important thing here is that will smith turned down neo on the matrix to be in wild wild west .
or is the eu on the up because the uk are leaving
" they stole our screws , so we screwed them ! we screwed them good ! "
as long as they 're not supercritically massively scary ...
check and mate .
i remember the pudding eating in bm as if it was yesterday ...
he thought fruit would cure his cancer .
they are also aggressive hunters . like they will come get your ass .
he was having a promising career before being killed on the track in 1971 .
very fitting , given that bowie did an album of all covers of songs and bands he liked from the 1960 ' s : __url__
depends on the length of the sitting and the amount of times you 're taking a piss .
north korea did n't want to be ronery in being the only country to ban the film
this one guy just trying to join in __url__ look at his face , he knows what 's up , its like when you get that one guy in a yoga class of women , he ai n't there for yoga , and this guy ai n't there for salad . edit : a letter
how about sunrise land ?
r dundermifflin is leaking
one of the books in the codex alera series is really the only fantasy book i 've seen to really go into detail about how dangerous long marches in natural terrain can be .
wtf , i love the nazis now
yeah it was for his role in cheaper by the dozen
that 's it . i 'm done for the day . thanks .
frogan
isnt the major difference is mongol didnt discriminate during their conquest .
i heard a story that it was about him witnessing a murder . so he invited the killer to the show and cops arrested him . i still believe it .
you do realize that baptisms are as legit as stanley nickels or schrutebucks . , do n't you ?
did n't you read the headline gingers are mutants
dying to know what bill said
i cried when i heard he died . watched goodwill hunting a few days before that . still my most favorite performance of any actor , ever .
" we were easily the most overeducated cartoon writers in history , earning critical acclaim , multiple emmy awards , and a worldwide nerd fan base , but we weren t smart enough to figure out how to avoid cancellation ( three times ) . "
when i toured it earlier this year ( well worth the visit ) i got to hear a girl in the security line say to her parents , " wait , that 's the constitution ? i thought that was a written paper thing . " so hard not to laugh .
yes . ground is zero . 1st one up is 1 . 1st basement floor , 1st one down is 1 . etc it 's actually quite logical if you think about it
i 'm surprised he was n't a driver .
why did i read that in chandler bing 's voice ? !
for some reason , it was common to name dishes after a city , such as the wiener ( after vienna ) or the frankfurter after frankfurt . edit : there 's also the berliner , which is a pastry
so , is viagra six times more potent than agra ?
well yeah , 120,000 was 20 years ago
this happened to the warriors as well . west is nuts . it 's going to happen again this season .
something to do with privacy in hotels i 'm sure .
sometimes i forget that i 'm wearing glasses and think i lost them .
dude , do n't give those guys any more ammo !
all present agreed this was fairly classic diogenes .
sounds like something from spinal tap like maybe his pacemaker was picking up airport terminal chatter .
fun fact : over 12 of boats , our beloved sea cars , are infested with ants . fortunately , ants are boyant and enjoy maritime shanties .
i found myself watching some movie with hilary swank the other day , and the mental debate on whether or not she 's hot started up again . could n't remember where the actual bit came from though , until this thread . for the record , nah , she 's not hot . doable , but not hot .
teenagers can more accurately be described as big children .
my trip was honestly one of the worst and best things of my life . accepting that you 're going to die and then realizing it 's not real is one of the weirdest experiences of my life .
yes , and meanwhile the soviet union had this guy .
wasps ruin everything , ugh .
i learned that from a volkswagen commercial . edit : found it
i thoroughly disapprove of duels . i consider them unwise and i know they are dangerous . also , sinful . if a man should challenge me , i would take him kindly and forgivingly by the hand and lead him to a quiet retired spot and kill him . autobiography of mark twain
ownagepwnage 123 ?
no , the meaning is just a completely different one .
cool how large american cities have these cancerous shitholes right beside them , often cross state : chicago has gary . philadelphia has camden . new york has newark . washington has baltimore . st louis has east st louis . memphis has west memphis .
gods hate her for this simple trick .
i think the word you 're looking for is the barycentre .
kangaroos hve a lot in common w moles , possums n rats . n their meat does too ...
is this why pineapples are the centerpiece motif of fruit paintings ?
born too early to be a rockstar , but lived like one .
it was not signed on july 4 .
fuck , poor her .
he would shoot the tv set when he did n't like what was on . this is tame for him
asking the real questions
eels ! ( commence banging on piano ) eels !
i also watched the new episode of vsauce today .
i 've been told i look just like buddy holly
til : that doot dodo doot doot thing is from something called shave and a haircut .
the producers , a movie based on a play based on a movie .
i 'm surprised the video was n't linked yet .
yeah , but no abortions later than the fifth trimester .
i 'm going to have to read that , sounds like a damn good book
in 2006 yamaha went half season with a shity bike . rossi help solve the chatering problem and the championship was decided in the last race . both simoncelli and nicky hayden have died .
the best rapists in the animal kingdom !
albert fish ? the dude who constantly gets reposted for having the murder hotel ? edit : it was a list , just could n't remember holmes ' name
who 's the anustart that parked behind my car ?
i argued this the other day , a guy was convinced it stood for wireless fidelity . i tried to explain that high fidelity just means the reproduction of sound but he was so confident that he was right . sometimes you just can n't argue with ignorance .
the bank of england also has an inflation calculator that goes all the way to 1209 .
__url__
madonna . rhianna . taylor swift . damn , this thread is depressing ...
and canada was completely destroyed as a result and is no longer a country , right ?
mad max
i liked the prequels , ama .
fun fact : my grandma was alice cooper 's high school guidance counselor . upon further reflection , i 'm not sure whether or not she did a good job with him .
i saw it dubbed in mexico and that line was the only part in the film where they left the original audio .
go to the dmv and you 'll find out how many languages are spoken in ca .
that 'll explain why i saw a republic of china embassy when i was in the vatican city .
also religion .
__url__
drawy drawy man united
how do you accidentally beat the harlem globetrotters ?
i 've read that most yakuza activities are ignored by the police .
it 's sad he ate himself to death , such a fantastic talent .
i remember something that the polish actually captured an enigma machine first , however it was an early variant during the start of the war that the managed to successfully crack .
in the next 24 hrs round the country , stores are reporting sudden demand for eels ...
so in suicide squad , joker was really so upset because harley quinn kept taunting him with gay slang , i finally get it now .
years later , peter frampton bought that pig at pink floyd 's garage sale .
can confirm , it is called " portakal " in turkish .
give me 21 egypts , please . i 'll need change back
the eye of chaos !
are you in france presently
username " checks out " ( )
wait , is this not allowed ? i do n't play in any organized league , but in playing casual i often use my opposite hand . sometimes the table just sets up so that it 's easier that way . i 'm not ambidextrous but i can make an easy shot with my off hand .
well ...
to be fair you have to have a really high iq to truly love apple butter .
i was big into bionicle when that happened . iirc the big one was that some of their religious words were used , and they found it disrespectful . lego changed some of the religious words but kept the more mundane ones .
oh my jesus that is a hot mess of garbage my goodness
yeah dude . i knew it was n't to be fucked with when i went to work out and thought i was coming down and the my heart started to feel all funny . already have a condition . no thanks .
and yet i still find myself playing games like league of legends and overwatch .
it 's identical ... it becomes giri because you give it out of obligation . you might give special chocolates to a few special people though . and there is no ultra ... giri literally translates to obligation and choko is short for chocolate .
if you like a little scandal . apparently jerry and soshanna broke up in 1997 . in 1998 , he met jessica skylar at the gym . she left her husband ( eric nederlander ) just weeks after getting married to date ( and then marry ) seinfeld in 1999 .
you really do n't want your pancreas levels to be high , trust me . when your pancreas hurts you 're in a fucking world of pain .
did n't he also kill himself after the company became really successful or is that a myth ?
ability is qualification . winning the race is the " past experiences " part .
... dammit jackie !
those two are n't mutually exclusive .
she has surgically engineered herself to be fun to fuck , so yes .
he was like stalin . alltough stalin didnt like the jews . he didnt try to get rid of them . he stopped after their wealth .
sounds like they 're even smarter than dogs if they can do all that .
__url__
wow ... he 's actually nicer to his ex than his mom
nauru means " laughter " in finnish .
alaska pre 1964 winchester model 70 arizona colt single action army revolver indiana grouseland rifle kentucky kentucky long rifle pennsylvania long rifle tennessee barrett m82 utah m1911 pistol west virginia hall rifle
more like kim jong chill
god damn i miss reading the weekly world news in the grocery story checkout line .
learned this while browsing r etymology and thought more people would find it interesting .
or never to return a book you read while in the bathroom .
considering t ' ' e were from north yorkshire and were a smoggie , ' e woulda ' thought that this were ing shite . ' e were trying t ' kidnap t ' chief o ' hawaii like in return fer'a stolen longboat they didna like that wee much .
unzips pants
he who controls the spice controls the universe
i also was perplexed ... yet strangely attracted .
she 's like 15 ! ! not cool !
the same argument is used for religion . it 's so cyclical , it 's easier just to stop the conversation than to have a debate about it . it 's like saying , " the screaming when i 'm stabbing you is so annoying that i have to stab you to stop it . "
they have a genetic bottleneck now though , so they might be fucked by some disease that comes along .
just imagine the reactions of the crew who found this bug
" you know , abdul , i 'm starting to seriously question your leadership of this boat . "
it 's treason then
is that why only confucius survived ?
bohemian grove ?
now we can all finally get over that matt bryant 62 yarder with tampa bay that beat us like ten years ago
so edgy of her .
i think you 'd like the man in the high castle
did it work ?
you probably would n't love it , actually .
what damages ? a dead kid ? and what , money is gonna fix that is it ?
momma had a baby and its head popped off
of all the top polish goalscorers ( sample : lewandowski ) , he is by far the best .
that 's kinda gay .
weighing the pros and cons of schizophrenia and opioid addition
guerilla spiritual warfare
the people with xx 2 k d are the real badasses
they 're basically aquatic toddlers
incredible how he 's fallen , from delivering stirring speeches to perpetrating mass shootings around the globe .
it looks like sallie mae still originates loans . they just sell some of them to their spin off subsidiary navient .
and that 's weird to me , for whom menards has been an omnipresent big box hardware store since forever ( sixties , according to wikipedia ) .
for a guy who claims to not give a fuck , i guess he decided to give just one
my mom did this to my kids
op 's mom . ftfy
i 'm surprised the nets have n't pulled the 48 year timeout yet , given how badly things have been going for them .
of course you are misinterpreting what he said but who cares , we are on reddit , lets complain about the outrage machine and then be happily be the outrage machine . hahaha .
best game i 've ever played . total immersive experience . it was like reading a great novel but fighting epic real time battles as well .
i 'd expect nothing less of president bartlet t . edit : removed the extra t because he 's not the president of the pear nation . although that 'd be a sweet gig .
some of the teams in russia are further away than the us . not really an issue though , seeing as they do n't qualify for this as far as i 'm aware
washington , washington . 6ft 20 , fucking killing for fun .
if it 's the liberty to own a gun ? yeah , i 'll clap and cheer the whole way .
" but sir we gave them the rest of our steel weapons during the last orgy ! we . have . no . metal . left ! " " wait a minute , look there ! sir jonson has found a knife aaand he traded it for a quicky ... "
she 's actually 34 .
so , it 's a lose lose situation then .
so everything shrek taught me was a lie
federal troops need to be sent to distressed neighborhoods of chicago with those orders
whoever wrote his material was funny .
i remember this . it was my first year living on my own , and i 'd moved from a small town to a big city . my money management skills were what you 'd expect . so i ate a lot of those free big macs . enough , in fact , that now that i think about it i have not had one since then .
adam ruined this a while back . kellogg popularised non religious circumcision as a method to prevent masturbation __url__ that cock on the kellogg 's package should be bald
is that their natural life span or in captivity ? while most smaller animals live longer lives in the safety and care of captivity , it seems the larger sea animals live only a fraction of their natural span .
right ? i remember having to memorize poems in spanish class , and having to recite them in front of the class . i did n't know what i was saying , but i sure as hell did n't memorize the poem phonetically .
soup is just left over food in water .
nope . my dad loved him . i , on the other hand , despised him .
in the event that you 've donated a kidney , how do you tell which one you still have ?
seriously ? but all this science he does n't understand
did n't they recently release a version that has a match inside the cover , and the spine is a matchbook striker ? edit : did my own research , here it is
edison did not murder an elephant . that is an utter myth . __url__
what the fuck ... how can you see such an intelligent being struggling for life in front of your eyes and treat it like that ? disgusting . regardless of our ethical decisions about eating other animals , this is just psychological torture .
r im14andthisisdeep
relevant xkcd __url__
i do n't think he regretted that at all , he seemed like a pretty shitty guy by most accounts .
damn that would be one hell of an episode of undercover boss .
not tight enough .
r notmyjob " hanged the wench , boss " .
lord of war is brilliant .
as one does .
did he still get paid though ? i mean admin must have gone through with the papers .
amazing album .
no one knows what it means , but it 's provocative
what about apes ?
tedx are run locally by people at different places and vary greatly in quality .
no , michael c hall is hot all around . source : i 'm a heterosexual woman
i think you can , it just will n't apply outside your specific industry use case .
plato means " great shoulders " in ionic greek . also , it 's socrates in the thumbnail .
and the book the plot to seize the white house by jules arthur , which focuses on smedley and the business plot .
randy newman wrote a song about it " burn on . " __url__
you take one dip , and you end it .
that 's like metric vs . freedom units in america ... everyone knows metric , no one uses it .
hummingbirds are fucking assholes . they have no concept of personal space .
traditions broken . sunderland go down , arsenal fail to make the top 4 .
r absolutelynotmeirl
it warms the cockles of my heart to know that the king of jordan is a huge star trek nerd . so much so that he wants to build a star trek like " disneyland " park in country . and the episode that he was in was called " investigations . "
one has the ability to negatively affect the world on a large scale no matter what side you 're on , the other is abortion which is at best a moral dilemma .
they 're considering building a new colossus or rhodes
millennials are n't having kids . the problem might solve itself .
inferior siege engine .
we were this close to having a beatles song titled " why do n't we fling shit from the trees . "
the fact that you willingly choose to display the album cover of the miracle in your home is the most telling sign you love queen .
false , i have a son who was concieved in a jacuzzi and hes ugly af so close enough to a human fish hybrid thing . if you leave them in a room for too long they just shit all over the place and never learn how to speak interact with other humans . he 's such a screw up .
can you imagine if that film were made today ? no way it would even be released . what a great film . satire at it 's best .
the closer to death the closer to god
he 's had a drinking problem ever since his wife left
a generation is roughly 20 years because that 's how long it takes for a fetus to get to where it can reproduce another fetus . 3 generations it seems .
and some die before having children of their own .
oh definitely . by all accounts , a brilliant scientist but a highly devious and cunning man .
my dad is an astronomer , and it is shocking to me how many people have asked him to give them a reading . sometime i wish he just would , and apparently , he would be just as good as a real astrologer !
i feel like the 1,000 . 01 notation feels more like how those punctuation marks are used in sentences
today ... today you learned this ? please tell me you 're a very young person .
nice to see that i am not the only person thinking about sam here . his other videos are hilarious as well .
fun fact ! he dated demi lavato for some time . they were in a serious relationship .
guaranteed nobody would ever regret getting 200k in plastic surgery to look like their girlfriend boyfriend , especially if they are musicians . you know that relationship is for life .
r unexpectedayymd
i 'll just leave this here : __url__
neymar has scored 52 goals for brazil . 35 have been in friendlies . what 's your fucking point ?
the more you read about mother teresa , the more you find out she was a selfish , sadistic cunt .
i think rat eating your face would probably work on anyone
population is around 6.5 million now . ireland was one country during the famine , so you 'd need to include the pop . of the 6 counties for an accurate comparison . still 1.5 m shy of pre famine numbers though .
source ?
i 'm 18 and it 's my favourite movie and has been my whole life , gtfo with your gatekeeping .
have you not seen rugrats ? it 's a neat documentary ! ! !
the blocks in salt lake city are huge . i went to a conference there a year ago , and thought my hotel was a great deal because it was only six blocks away . once i got there , i figured out that was the better part of a mile .
what makes you think they raised a " fucked up " child ? people can be " fucked up " all on their own m8 ...
i personally loved this movie . then again i was 10 when it came out , and had a crush on lea thompson .
and it 's asha , not yara ! i can understand why they did it , but it would have probably been better to change osha 's name .
like lands end used to specialize in sailing boating related merchandise and eddie bauer was outdoor gear .
stan " prob " lee
holy shit , 30 years wait time ... that explains some stuff about red forman :)
holy shit , til the average prison inmate in the early twentieth century is more well read than the average college graduate today !
i learned that from vintage space . it 's a pretty good youtube channel . i highly recommend it .
i buy a lot at farmer 's markets and flea markets , so i routinely carry cash . as well , i pay cash at a lot of smaller businesses to help them on the fees banks charge for bank and credit cards .
but the republican candidate does the longest press conference and answers every question , bringing people on side .
mix it up with moby dick and it would probably work .
of course , in japan they did n't hide behind any sort of promotion facade and straight up told their officers to kill themselves .
the book " a plague upon humanity " really shows how fucked up this guy was . he 'd literally dissect people alive , remove their stomach , sew the asophagus to the intestine , and then see how long people could survive . he was a maniacal butcher
wow , til . also he 's set to have a parole date this week . he 's already been paroled for a few charges , so he may be released soon .
it was revenge for when the third sister ship , the britannic , hit a mine and sank during wwi .
yeah , she 's her mom . of course she 's gonna say that shit .
i love the name
tippett 's fedora : m'dino
an illinois governor in a criminal trial , you say ? nah , i can n't believe that ...
just another case of the truth being covered up by big banana
i loved the episode on king of the hill where hank gets ptsd after being sexually assaulted by a dolphin .
this is the movie that introduced me to the genius that is gary oldman .
can we all just admire the most british name up there ? associated british food plc . easy there guys , do n't want too much excitement caused by your company name .
pronounced " aluh "
what do we do with witches ?
saddest til ever
well then do n't an " n " there in the first place . morons .
i ask myself the same thing about americanism . i asked myself the same thing about stalinism . only a minority is aware that they 're in a massive dysfunctional sadistic system when they 're in a massive dysfunctional sadistic system .
" i dont deserve this , fam . none of it , blud " .
not a parent , but a teacher . teens are awesome , i vastly prefer them to kids .
nixon , later the next year : hold my beer .
its like a mexican version of the six flags song
three american banana companies and the united states marines , yes .
came for comments , left questioning life .
did they eat pudding in the movie ?
and the flag was all moth eaten so they put him under a sombrero .
more fascinating is that at the beginning of the war some countries still used colourful uniforms . only during the war they realized that it 's a pretty bad idea , and switched over to less visible designs .
no screen window ? how do you keep out the bugs and shit ?
note : jumping fences is an awful idea if you have a hemorrhoid
well , dos really . you 'd need a whole gaggle of idiots to make it a ddos attack .
__url__
an army may march on its teeth , but some dentists have grander ambitions .
an lay eggs which hatch .. that was a story i heard once .. id burn my ear off
" right turn , clyde "
aka peter principle , __url__ except usually they keep their job , " ris ing to their level of incompetence . "
that 's why you do n't call it a clip
i think a lot of pre modern people saw great apes as very closely related to us . if i 'm not mistaken , the word orangutan means " man of the forest . " people in the future might think this way too .
the story comes from an interview , allegedly it was meant to be 2.5
i was in 8th grade a freshman in high school when this happened . this was quite the sh t storm .
shittylifeprotip : leave everything out in the open . if someone does something stupid , darwin will teach ' em a thing or 2
just watched the first kingsman movie . was n't on the last page in that one ...
is it possible to learn this power ?
it 's a water animal .
if you read the entire section you will find out that he was disbarred shortly after for making false statements and for pursuing a personal vendetta in court . among other things he called the defendant a slut and cross questioned her for weeks bringing her to tears .
you need to attend sex ed again .
i think it was the sun . he gathered all the nukes in like a big super sized fishing net and hurled it into the sun olympian hammer thrower style . r askscience can tell us whether it was necessary in space to actually whirl it around like that . i 'm thinking no .
do n't be racist
they shut down in 2009 with a loss of 220 million , should n't there have been arrests ?
neffew
the patron saint of zero fucks given .
those impractical castles led to bavaria becoming a major tourist attraction after world war ii , thereby saving the state from financial ruin and building the foundation for its economic renaissance . some impracticality . some madness .
i recently made a purchase at costco that was under 200 and used my paypass from my tangerine card . it really varies .
the first on mtv uk was money for nothing dire straits . great track .
" people , what a bunch of bastards "
what the fuck ?
i 'm the same way , except i do n't write or play music
keen as a jelly bean
how do you people remember these kind of references and then also remember where you saw it .
and i 'm familiar with the size of manhattan ? how many hogsheads is this , and does it convert to butt feet ?
blamminade
is this actually where that phrase comes from ! ?
what will you be singing about ?
teacher : ryan oh my god i can n't believe you , you 're gonna get expel ... ryan gives her the most seductive look a 12 year old has ever given teacher : ... oh .. i .. uh . carry on , then .
hmm . i know a few czechs who are very serious catholics . and europe 's greatest religious war started there : __url__
i seem to remember interviews with her at the time saying that she felt a sense of loyalty to jan de bont ( the director of both speed films ) .
nah . they would .
something to think about then in greek there is no letter j , in spanish the name jesus sounds like zeus . jesus is worshiped on sunday for he is the son of saturn , who the jews worship on saturday .
racecar .
now i want to watch ravenous again .
here in wyoming we use the whole train robber , not just the meat .
complete title gore . i love monty python but they did not " inspire " the word spam as it predated them by a good margin .
munch n
it 's not a matter of if you like customers out not . it 's a matter of making the customer believe that you do ( within reasonable limits ) .
jimmy can n't catch a break man .
wait . the average salmon can weigh up to 50 ? that wording is so confusing .
knock knock
you know , i never really thought about all the mockery lorne michaels must deal with . he brought it on himself , sure , but when you literally constantly hire people to mock everything , it 's a given that , as their boss , you 'll be a recurring target .
he ll do it , he ll fucking do it ! give it to him , jim , just give him the fucking precious !
you 're gilded in my heart
hey , that 's funny .
not if you buy farm fresh unwashed .
it 's also not sold in grocery stores and gas stations at higher than 3.2 , and in liquor stores it 's abv and grocery stores it 's alcohol by weight .
i think it 's interesting that his infamous stubbornness ended up being part of his demise
i enjoy his performances , he 's very quirky , has lots of charisma , beautiful hair and is very easy on the eye .
dude . totally . i would get infuriated when this came on .
and hiding alcohol consumption like that is a bit alcoholic y . if he 's not abusing , it should n't be shameful to have a glass of wine on a plane , even while accompanying a child .
that 's actually quite symbolic considering it 's the french election today .
stay off the ice beer and you 'll recover just fine , i only drink 12 ipa a night now !
people are making this into a strange illuminati mystery but tbh it 's australia 's water we 're talking about , out of 10 species living there 12 of them are out to get ya
that 's not a dog
there 's an entire theory of management based on the office called the gervais principle
i dont even mind seeing this reposted . it should be more often .
elk and moose are two different species ...
that 's absolutely incorrect and makes no fucking sense at all .
came here to see this ... how is it so far down ?
while great indiana jones is merely a rip off of doc savage .
there 's either no way you 've tripped on real lsd or the doses were way too low . acid is not boring . i can n't imagine how acid could even be perceived as boring unless you start tripping daily which is even hard with tolerance .
a shitload of countries in the world have policies like this .
twinned towns and sister cities are a form of legal and social agreement between cities , to promote cultural and commercial ties as well as to foster friendship and understanding .
funny , i do n't remember making this one ...
those who are fans should check out r cubers
world cup .
that 's why people that make their own ejuice for vaping avoid butter flavor concentrates with diacetyl .
while illegal to prescribe to women of child bearing age , thalidomide currently is fda approved for treating certain symptoms of leprosy and for treating a kind of blood cancer called multiple myeloma .
hence , futurama
then what was the fucking point in preaching against ... anything . stupid ignorant fuck .
but does it ease back pain ? how ?
retarded .
r nocontext
live near drumlanrig . worth going to if you 're in south west scotland , but it 's more of a country house mansion rather than your traditional " castle " .
it permanently messed up his face as well . a few years back he revealed he had cosmetic surgery on his nose to correct this .
fools equalize
are n't we taking about reddit karma ?
that 's literally garbage speeds at highway robbery rates even for america which has very very scattered internet capabilities . i personally have 1gig up down for 70 a month in north dakota , so 200x faster than his for less money a month .
scientology is a dangerous cult that 's being increasingly outlawed in other countries . america should wake up and burn off this tick that 's attached to our ass .
did n't india re criminalise it a few years ago ?
hunting is legal in germany iirc , but that would probably fall under killing the animal for a " proper reason " .
alcoholic beverages are solutions . alcohol ( ethanol or methanol ) are not solutions .
i was so excited that he was doing the vo for civ vi ... but the character he voices in the opening cinematic dies lol .
yum sour apple !
is this an american thing ?
did n't undercover boss premiere right after the superbowl one year ? that probably had something to do with it .
dont have anymore kids
while i would typically agree with your point , i think that even if tedx is unregulated that if it was the verified mother of one of the shooters it 's still a reliable talk .
nsfw
this comment deserves more appreciation .
milwankee ... took me two seconds to think of something that 'd probably work better .
once you eliminate the impossible , whatever remains , no matter how improbable , must be the truth .
unfortunately the crew had to trade sex with the islands men to get the nails back .
quit screwing around !
thread
that 's the thing . i really want that life changing experience , but i can n't get the stuff . i have way too many friends who are squares . hell , maybe i 'm a square .
where is an elephant going that it can swim walk for 30 miles hours at one stretch ? ? ?
they did n't change anything . he does n't hold any record . that was just a special piece for the 60th anniversary of the magazine .
what do you think they mean by a british pound ?
we have a sequel to the original aliens a prequel to the original covenant a sequel to the prequel aliens ( 202 ? ) a prequel to the prequel prometheus a sequel to noomi 's character of the prequel 's prequel awakening wtf ?
only the smartest and brightest can go that far off . us regular dumbasses just sit in the park and yell at squirrels when we go crazy .
yeah that gump guy is such a brown noser too
if you go in a straight line with the goal of going around the world , yes . my car has 120 000 miles on it and i did n't got around the world three time with it .
classic narcissist .
ever heard of a line ? " hey have you ever been dragged to the sidewalk and beaten til you pissed bloouud "
where is the architecture major mentioned ?
except typically with milk no one adds sugar to it after they skim off the fat .
jesus 's mother language was aramaic , and in aramaic " god " ( l h , or alaha ) means allah as well . so , jesus himself was referring to the god as " allah " .
the first few ones were scary as heck . plenty of blood .
because of a combination of very high real estate prices and a welfare tax scheme that disincentivizes upward mobility . if you are poor in california there is little to no benefit to becoming lower middle class , which is the step you have to take to get to middle class .
g man with the rhetorical question
donald duck comics can get pretty violent .
on the federal level , switzerland only allowed women to vote in 1980 . bonus : if you remove one ' r ' from ' innerrhoden ' , you get ' inside testicle ' .
i do n't know if you can reduce the reasons for the industrial revolution down to just steel and having a middle class . this is such a reductionist way to say something .
by a christian nation
it 's become so , so much bigger than a tick , though .
do n't they all get more for not explicitly stating to what they were integrating with respect to ? i 'm looking at you math 340 prof .
i love the colorblind !
and brady accounted for as many as roethlisberger and manning combined .
just finished episode 3 of season 7 and did n't know much about sheen before starting the show . i 'm 25 and watching the show for the first time . this thread and comment made my day . now all we need is a show about toby z !
a normal lethal ( well , near fatal alcohol poisoning ) bac is around 0.5 unless you have a really really high tolerance
how do we know this absolutely true factoid ? ? ?
kanye loves you as much as humanly possible ... but he loves kanye as much as kanye ly possible .
oh , that poor eel ! " what 's he .. what are you .. oh ! oh , god .. no ! ah , fuck ! no ! not again ! goddammit ! "
you better .
why ?
til ted kaczynski went to harvard shows you that even the smartest and brightest minds on earth are n't perfect and sometimes make mistakes ( harvard selection board ) .
i always enjoy when toh is realistic with their building techniques and budgets . like the episode where they had custom cnc machined curved brackets and curved rafters for a porch .
i read pistone 's book and dont remember this , from the movie he was posing as an orphan , if the mob cant trace your lineage , they wont make you .
unfortunately for him , the firing squad had better luck finding their target .
me
was that version the one that joel osteen made ?
ivodka trump ?
i want a garage sale soda stream !
he elevates literally everything he 's in .
he actually said " the normies "
the courts like to be all dramatic when pronouncing a death sentence : " electricity shall be passed throughout your body in sufficient current to administer death ... " " an injection of lethal chemicals shall be administered until death is pronounced upon you . "
we also have a basket ball team called the tall blacks .
beans
holy shit , i totally forgot about this !
" you stop that . " god .
is it a combination of both whiskey and cigarettes though , or will one do the job ?
as a math imbecile , how did she do this ?
damn , son .
there 's a huge difference . it 's two different countries with two different policies on immigration that would affect who arrives at a particular time .
not that much money tbh . you couldnt become a billionaire off of it
herzog is so amazing . you never see his face in this scene but she cries just looking at him . very intense .
emphasis on learn . you can have a very limited or biased view of history and come to warped conclusions
eat 'em eat 'em hurry up dude !
did nobody even read the synopsis ? the hare did n't sleep in that version . he forfeited the race because it was stupid .
before getting worked up about this , please keep in mind the shitstorm that occurred after trump rung taiwan after his election .
i thought it was weak until i re watched it . there 's a lot of hints to the reveal hidden in the episode i missed the first time , and it definitely cause me to appreciate more
she did twitch stream for a bit . was pretty dull .
i really like them and i did n't know the background , so thank you .
also , hamilton went to hungary last year , trailing by a single point , not having led the championship all year , won the race , then lost the championship .
smug piece of shit
i think it stands for mo ' money or whatever .
happened where i work . i 'm lucky that a much more competent person is between me and the one who was promoted . it makes my job more pleasant .
lots of modern artists work this way . they design the work and sometimes supervise its creation but do n't actively participate . many installation artists are n't even capable of building the objects they present .
france is one of the six flags over texas .
im my head i read it as mr bean aka rowan atkinson , i dont know why
gay sex is literally twice as manly as straight sex
bruh , it s cause my homie wasn t just packin bills . he was packin heat , he could rock a fella .
some parts of russia have some of the most fertile soil in the world .
about their moms , mostly .
the chinese have a saying : the single raindrop never feels responsible for the flood .
not a bad salary to " knock out the fat ! "
it 's a worthless u . n . circle jerk , with no value for u . s . citizens .
i 'm surprised that they never addressed that waste management and meth kingpin oscar heisenberg lived on the same street .
word , i learned photoshop by making my own textures for games when i was in middleschool .
if you have taken lsd even once you can see the benefits it has . abuse of anything is n't a good idea but that does n't mean experimentation is as well .
i would agree , this is also one of my favorite jared leto movies ( even though i love all his movies ) just because of the shot of him making a huge line of cocaine shaped like crimea
never knew it was on there just loved the video from when mtv played videos
this will make me think of peewee every single time i hear it .
you even forgot a con ... gogocongocongoer
til 1977 was a dann good year .
no ! you see , they work for each other !
you can n't over die , you can n't over dry
it looks like you re writing a suicide note . would you like some help with that ?
same tax system which make big corps use luxembourg to avoid paying tax in europe ?
sounds like reddit needs to buy up a bunch of squares of land and call it place .
no he does n't . he localizes .
dolphins or mice
oh , twenty thousand leagues while beneath the surface . does n't quite have the same ring .
and using it to replace shitty genre fiction . not a bad trade .
he also invented glam rock
came here to say that ..
call me skeptical , but i find that annecdote hard to believe .
... i just taught my engineering class about this today ...
could it be that when he got up after the bullying incident , he thought to himself " that 's it , i am done with this planet " and started his long term plan to leave the earth ?
so , do i blame schrodinger , his mistress , the swiss , or all three for the hell that is an entire semester of just having that god damn equation thrown at me in lectures ? edit : the swiss .
thanks for representing the whole country you little bitch
dandelion tea is also fantastic for you
i came
it 's funny because it 's based on how the characters react you have to give it a lot of time to know the characters first and that 's what makes the reactions funny
when you control the mail , you control ... information .
yeesh . this is presented as if yoko was making an unreasonable demand .
that was just promotion for the movie .
he was a planck length away from not becoming a theoretical physicist .
i did n't know this until today but i hope one day they put his statue back up in new orleans . it was just a cool piece of history to drive by when going to the park .
to my shame , i first thought this meant the song was 1 for all that time . i thought , wow , those australians go all in when they like something !
czech republic ? :p
assistant to the regional manager ?
considering she 's gender flipped in the series i assume she slept with her brother instead .
was n't it jack kirby who created the f4 ?
i guess there was a lot cousin fucking in the past .
i dunno . i 'm okay with having feet that are n't considered the epitome of beauty in exchange for living in the era of antibiotics .
for anyone who can n't play here 's a transcript : " ckchckchacksdchc mmmmrrrmmrmrmmrmchckckhcckchkchchchcmmmmmrrmrrrmmrmmmmckcjkcjckhchkckc "
is it essentially their lexington and concord ?
it resolves ambiguity !
they have n't had a home game that did n't sell out since 1962
crows , too . obligatory 4chan greentext
this explains so much .
blasted out of orbit by those god damn dirty bugs . the only good bug is a dead bug ! ! !
is this why the mcdouble was on sale the other day ?
the canadian national anthem can be substituted with that celine dion song from titanic .
it 's becuase they 're one of the few animals that has sex for fun , i 'm sure human hunter gatherers where a lot worse
even the hermit crabs got a turn
by 1944 japan had very few experienced pilots left
that is one depressing neighborhood !
oh , so like a crossbow but with knives ?
what about e x you hotshot ! ?
mercedes , you had me at " your mother sucks cock in hell "
you know a siri impersonation is spot on when you get frustrated reading it .
individually , we are weak like a twig . but as a bundle , we form a mighty faggot .
to go all meta on you , you have now also participated in a repetition of history . you have learned that those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it .
sabaton is so cool
then there was that guy who could hack phone lines just by whistling into the handset . he was the yondu of phone hacking
i was prescribed medication for morning sickness when i was pregnant . obviously it was n't thalidomide since this was only about 10 years ago but i was so hesitant to take it because i just kept thinking " thalidomide " !
knocking out the power , messing with hermit crabs and throwing rocks . otto sounds like a hellraiser .
the company i work for is still a year or so away . and it 's a pretty big company . we pay out a ton of money back to banks just for not being compliant .
awesome ! i 've been waiting for this thread for years to ask this : . viagra . vivarin . both have " vi " and both are boosters , for lack of a better term . does the " vi " mean anything with these products or just a name ?
" this movie was named after me . " roman reigns
problem there is that it 's useless unless you trudge through that god awful dark age dlc before you can use the new features .
he s not your guy , mate
til william bradford was the first serial killer baby .
my old dog was a g o o d e g u r l e but she was kinda a racist asshole ... she 'd love to go on car rides but hated other dogs and black people ...
i think it is fine for a system without a package manager where you rely on the file system for software resource organization . i think modern package managers largely do away with the need for modular program directories .
so in october ... ' the juice ' will be loose
this is my all time favorite stop motion movie . it 's honestly as good as avatar .
r jurijfederov is referring to the tiananmen square massacre , which according to the chinese government , has never happened .
i enjoyed matchstick men
i read the bbc article too . silphium sounds awesome if we can figure out what it was and if it still exists
that must have been how he learnt to speak viking in the 13th warrior .
huddie ledbetter ( leadbelly ) did a version in the 1930 ' s , well worth a listen as it 's more upbeat .
the uk 's current opposition leader was nominated to " widen the discussion " , nobody thought he 'd get elected and now he 's polling at record lows and 80 of his mps voted that they have no confidence in him .
kyivan rus not russia . russia did not exist until 1547 .
yeah the roman empire is pretty cool .
" ya hear that boys ? the germans are bad . " edit : it 's a quote from band of brothers
this is why i hate fighting with my brother , mom would n't settle for just hugs
has anyone ever done the calculation to determine how much you 'd have to drink to achieve these bacs ?
well that escalated quickly ...
daario is blue haired benjen stark
it 's nisan 14 on the jewish calander . this year it fell on april 11th .
i learned in one of my toxicology lectures that you can test false positive for phencyclidine ( pcp ) after using dxm . interesting .
you guys just dont ... get it .. do you
somehow i think there was also a " mark " involved .
fear confirmed
calgary has a plus 15 system as well , most of the major towers and shopping areas are connect to each other . not sure how big it is but its the best part of downtown . __url__ edit : added map
god dammit
brian jacques introduced me to so many different foods and drinks
42
crrraaackkkrrrackackkkckkkk
well , some of the nazis may have been gay and pressed into service . do you really expect them to go marching about europe without marvelous bags ? ! edit : slight bit of theft on my part from mr . izzard .
no is because russian bias brings great joy ) ) )
i could n't even drink 10 bottles of water a day , what the fuck ?
the word square cracked me up . shitposting , indeed . r o m a o m a
" what 's everyone looking at ? mary is the only one who can pop out a magic baby no questions asked ? ya know what forget i quit . "
good luck using this defense in court . pretty sure if you " masturbated " using some non sexual body part of a female , you 'd still get charged with rape .
this is one of those things that begs for context . in the 1920 ' s , when black was first entering politics , the kkk was at it 's peak . 15 of the entire population of the us was in the kkk . also , the clan at this point was more of a fraternal organization .
marcia marcia marcia !
you sir , are a dickhole
rule of thumb is that a mid range hooker is about 1 2 days wages for the average worker .
someone wants to get linked to r theydidthemath .
that could be heathy . sorta .
i was so sad nobody could talk about that movie beyond the religious angle . it was a good movie , but non religious people wanted to hate the " religious movie " while religious people did n't like that they took liberties with the story .
cool username , friendo
same reason jimmy kimmel has n't sued summer 's eve ?
so gun lovers keep guns at home in case there is a civil war with the government ? please explain
there is a danish movie about this , how some prisoners of war were forced to removed land mines at the coast of jutland . it was a bit controversial , because it was ' kids ' ( 17 19 years ) that did n't volunteer to the war bit were forced and captured ..
no the pounds now look nothing like this , most shops would just think youre giving them something else
what the fuck is wrong with you ! i was trying to see dolphins raping fish not humans raping fish ... youre sick .
what a shame . what can we do to stop this jew on jew violence ?
impossible . tupac is still alive . fake news .
hyper text markup language
__url__ so wallace and d'angelo were both wrong .
i also did the quiz yesterday .
r nowttyg
super curious how he did it back then . i would have a hard time today , let alone with his limited tech machinery .
wusste nicht , dass das wort " box " ein anglizismus ist .
apparently not his salt and shade
til this is another fact that some schmohawk learns every day , so it gets posted every fucking day .
tangential question : why is he named edward the first when he came after edward the confessor ? is it because edward the confessor was anglo saxon ? or just not plantagenet ?
i 'm surprised 6 billion people identify with a religion . that 's amazing .
only the cool redditors who know what comment chains to explore get this far down .
he was also a portrait painter . odds are if there 's a portrait of eli whitney in your history book , it was the one that morse painted .
why do i picture him acting just like zapp brannigan ?
i have one of those too ... makes me feel exclusive and special haha
i 'm pretty sure yeltsin could handle himself . he is russian elite , that is a tough crowd however you shake it .
if you donated a kidney , you had two good ones .
100 of people who inhale dihydrogen monoxide end up dead too .
you 're going to die anyway , might as well be in a grizzly bear fight .
my words exactly elliot gould
these cows apparently like fish . they made this beaver their leader .
because a piece of metal that fires a smaller piece of metal is your template for liberty ? grow the fuck up .
that sounds dairy
that 's a very poorly written article . in the section before , they discuss treadmills being used in antiquity as a power source , using both animals and humans . then , all of a sudden , the treadmill was invented in 1818 .
what if you 're 110 and died from too many orgasms demanded by your 23yo bride ?
yes ! i learned what 20,000 leagues under the sea meant from snl in 1994 . what could phil hartman not do ...
chicken gumbo , matzo ball , or mushroom barley . those are very hardy soups . but not consomm .
__url__
it 's like a ddos attack of stupidity .
show had such a rockin intro
arnold swartzeneggar actually knocked out a camel in conan the barbarian .
first time i 've seen it . i 'd imagine the people that share it had n't known before as well . unless of course , they 're only in it for the karma .
i did the fruitarian thing for ten days a while back to see what it was like . i was euphoric most of the time , but had horrible bo . edit : wow , protip ladies and gentleman : if you want to draw the world 's nutritional experts onto reddit , make a comment about fruitarianism !
come human . it 's to learn about our copyright laws .
not if you 're hiking through the mountains and there 's a trail or two to the top , and then there 's just straight up from wherever you 're standing . remind me not to try that again .
guatemala also sends its regards . __url__
it 's a pretty good song but i think he is more impressive in vegas by bad meets evil
tl d r ?
fuck that hurt later . i thought my hand gave me gonorrhea .
this would be overturned if someone could bring a case that has standing . someone in one of these states has to come out as an atheist . it will happen .
sailors 64km away had their eardrums ruptured , shiiiit
are we gonna have another thread for every dummy dictator america forced in ? still , it 's good that more people are hearing about this .
that 's how you get warts
eli 5 : if i recall my high school ballistics correctly 45 degrees is the optimal elevation for distance , so why were the ships guns designed so that you needed to flood the torpedo tubes to achieve this ?
i want to see firing squads replaced with an elaborate rube goldberg machine that triggers the rifle at the end .
the power of vag
kids back then were much more handy
thats just plain evil .
there were also dried grape bricks sold with clear instructions how to mix it with water and not let it ferment for 21 days in a cool dark place .
or bob 's burgers
remember jerry , it 's not a lie ... if you believe it
it 's not that they 're not allowed , per say , at least , not on the grounds of being dogs . it 's just that nobody 's managed to train one well enough to pass the licensing exams yet .
here in california " canola " has become so undesirable that i 've actually put " rapeseed " on menus , to avoid using " canola . " i have never met anyone even 30 as amused as i am by this .
yes he did . unlike what most of the other people are saying in here it was the transplant he did not want to have done . he believed the surgery to be invasive and felt it unnatural to have others people 's hands inside of him .
what would be the advantage of this ?
well yeah , you do n't want to accidentally solve a protest , or racism or something , right ?
how the warriors greet each other
he identifies as australian
i 'm assuming everyone would have nipples on there suits like in batman and robin .
this sounds right , considering everything i know about the world of snooker . of course , everything i 've learned about the world of snooker , i learned from mitchell and webb .
oh stfu . comments like this only add to people 's fears and prevent the exchange of actual information about these people .
so , does that mean i can grill up some catfish and drizzle eel sauce on it for the same delicious eel flavor ?
i 'm missing something or i 'm having a bad math day . the image of the polynomial is disconnected so how can it be the continuous image of ( edit ) r 26 feel free to mock me if i 've missed something !
i 'm pretty sure this was one of the reasons we switched to an all volunteer professional military ...
www.clownpenis.fart
atari : game over was an excellent documentary following both the rise and fall of atari , as well as a project to locate and unearth the supposedly buried copies of e . t . if you want to know more i highly recommend it .
sounds sensible if you 're reading this and you have a dick inside your ass .
my kids just read about the bird thing in monday 's with a mad genius . did n't know it was something he was known to do .
what else are you expected to do ? ! be a better leader ! ? that 's absurd !
most of the show is based on the real lives of the creators , cast and writing team .
and i suppose that the chinese ground up the oracle bones due to western trickery too ?
we might be geniuses
you 're either getting a tattoo on your face or a summary execution . you 're in for a bad time , friendo
low expectations is the key to happiness : )
chris ? if so i 'm really sorry about that night , but you were kinda asking for it .
did anyone tried the individual meal pack ( canada ) vs the american mre ? which one is better in general ? the canadian one look awesome tbh .
we were n't used to losing so we overcompensated .
people from this era are still alive . how crazy is that ?
amazing work for them , it 's not so amazing for the cows though .
it 's likely the umbrella policy attached to the homeowners insurance .
chemical warfare !
but a grizzly bear is armed to the teeth
rocky from king of queens should be about 75 now . edit : the joke is that doug 's parents kept replacing rocky and doug never knew .
obsidian is no joke . i took a lithics class in college , and out professor had us try to make our own tools out of obsidian in lab one day . there was a trail of blood leading from the lab to the bathroom .
this is her dressed as catwoman
yeah , well , john wayne gacy personally strangled 33 men . we americans are no slouch in the strangle department .
bad timing and advertising for the dreamcast . that system was a fanatic beast .
do n't you guys have an option to generate faux ice car sounds , for tesla awareness ? ( i would opt for the pacman car ( 1984 cartoon ) sound myself ) .
game genie ( along with c c red alert ) made me aware at a very young age that modding games was awesome . hex codes and ini files ate up a large portion of my 3rd 4th grade summer days .
you should honestly check out the youtube series " rostered on " you 'll laugh your ass off playlist season 01
too many illegal mexican dogs voting . sad !
there was also another one that read " drink elba light " but nobody wanted to reveal that finding .
even more importantly , if you do it yourself you are liable for the results . if you hire someone , you can sue their pants off for shoddy workmanship .
you guys are 50 obese .
do you know what a vole is bleeggh morty ?
at the time of her death , i recall the emphasis being on " multiple drug intoxication " as the main cod from the news i was watching reading at the time and i left it at that . this is an interesting extra bit of info and til as well .
wait till you hear about yugoslavia .
they also had candles designed to burn for about an hour . a lack of clocks caused people to do all sorts of things .
the yakuza have to be in bed by 6pm ?
if his albums were better , this would be really impressive . lenny is a talented guy who cranked out a number of solid songs that i love , but maybe he could have been more consistent if he worked with other people in the song making process .
well did he get high with a little help from his friends ?
its funny because they say these things in the show
unsubscribe .
no , look closer , his mouth is definitely missing
as someone living in england , can confirm : an umbrella is an essential investment .
i understand why you do n't get it . if the noose were actually tight , she would n't have lived .
man , i 'm glad i called that guy .
the catholic god will uphold what the church agrees with so it actually does work that way for them .
it 's a shame more people have not learned from the mistakes of pre ww 2 germany .
i had a coworker in the marines and after he told me about all the stuff they did naked for no particular reason during basic ( or whatever it is called in the marines ) , i kind of wondered why they were so opposed to the gays .
what treasury ? do you know the name ?
it is
she 's the star of the show , but he definitely is not .
aw , not a fan of the true hot sauce of dfacs everywhere , aka texas pete ? jk , texas pete is trash . tapatio and cholula are my omelet saviors .
depends . my sister was 22 when i was born . she was already out of the house and we have never been that close . our relationship is more like cousins or a young aunt than siblings .
this exists in holland . __url__
about time someone posted it , geez , i almost had to google it myself !
neat . latin vs . greek .
everyone should pretty much through s5e1 for closure then stop .
in portuguese too .
it 's a really sad story . was one of if not the best player on columbia , too . he had signed to play in one of the top tier european leagues for next season after the world cup ended , so he was already set to leave columbia in the near future .
the cia is bad news . whether it 's dealing drugs , providing children to pedophiles , or assassinating foreign heads of state , it acts completely without moral compass .
why are wwii era russian tanks often said to be the happiest tanks in the world ? because they barely had any gun depression :d
he was killed at the climax in the island .
when they mri the brains of someone being tickled , they do n't light up the " fun " part of the brain , they light up the " i am helpless and need this to stop " part of the brain .
snake ? s n a a a k e ! ? ! ? ! ? !
sleeping with non related 12 year old boys is normal ?
can confirm . we gave him a bid that night .
and then they made teddy bears , just to spite him .
til lil jon 's mother read him dr . seuss books as a child . ... from the window , to the wall til the cat in the hat drops down my balls til all the foxes in boxes crawl til all sneech sneech mothergrinch , all sneech sneech a green eggs and ham ...
bill was famous for doing that .
the typical american idea of russians drinking vodka usually entail drinking several of those in one sitting to ward off the brutal cold or for any other reason , really .
the surviving rabbits decided to migrate to the most barren areas so they could open casinos .
" that hitler had some good ideas . " luxembourg
i have initial lastname gmail.com which i actually registered this year . i have a unique last name though .
the english title is pretty clear as well . a league is 3 nautical miles so the title is " 60,000 miles under the sea " . surely nobody thinks it go that deep .
the best part is they then donated it to an artist 's rights group . that sort of poetic justice always makes me smile .
you mean t bone ?
wait a minute ! so you 're telling me that forrest gump did n't discover the whole watergate incident ?
was n't this due like 5 years ago ? i remember the boston marathon bombings happened around the same time i thought they were supposed to be released , because there was a fire at the jfk library in boston the same day .
25 years ago when they first came out , i thought " nuhvidia " was kind of a dumb name .
in the army you get promoted based on how fast you can run two miles . a buddy of mine who has great leadership capabilities just got passed up but a guy who eats crayons but can run .
here in california no one says it ever . people say come or jizz
he tried to fight p . c . with apples . the results went as you 'd expect .
20 per month . that does n't make sense .
" oh wow life sure seems crazy hey guys we 're moving where do you think we 're go " brrrrrrrzzzzzznnnkkttttt
they also put their feet up because the pedals were fixed to the fast moving wheel ( no gears ) .
make a graph of date versus serial number . get two data points . more data points is better . make a line representing average slope . that 's your estimated rate of tank production .
just keep in mind he was n't " shoveling dirt " at least not from other peoples description . imagine a chimney but made of metal and then instead of sweeping it from the outside you go inside of it i guess . sounds kinda shitty .
war ! what is it good for ? the environment ... sometimes .
i heard that the development of this form of potato based naval warfare was the crowning achievement of the latvian equivalent of operation paperclip .
" they 're real quiet , good for sneaking up on motherfuckers ! "
wow my hometown made it reddit . i remember playing air hockey and buying smokes from a machine at the pool hall behind the pharm ( defunct ) down from henley rd . when i was a teen . first kiss on mckaig ave . holy crap i 'm old .
live like a windrammer as you fuck .
he 's the real scranton strangler , look at the signs .
are you fucking sorry ?
some would say that the earth is our moon . but that would belittle the name of our moon , which is : the moon .
which he continued to use to fund his terrorism operations .
he 's so down with revolutions he invented the swivel chair .
well he did n't foresee new farming practices so he got that wrong .
well i would n't say so but maybe thats just leftover salt from that deathbattle ...
yeah fam . i did n't see anything .
you got downvoted because you called someone wrong because the part of texas you live in ( and remember it 's a pretty big state ) does n't use " spunk "
this reminds me of the conservative guy who jokingly tried to get women to be part of the draft recently . feminists and liberals were in favor of it and it had to be shut down by republican men .
risky click of the day
no , they combined to become the florida of canada .
flevoland is also a mythical area of florida thanks to an old myspace bug
i read it as " casual " at least 4 times and was super confused .
plenty of jewish gangsters in nyc not just hymen roth
the county 's full gaelic name is tyrone dewallace jenkins .
he was euphoric , not because of any phony physician 's diet plan , but because , he was enlightened by his fruity sustenance
guillotine !
your insurance agent is starting plans on his casa in cabo .
the kidney stone upon which that house was built .
dck , 3 meo pcp , pcp , 3 meo pce , ketamine , 2f dck it 's kind of similar to being drunk , but a bit different at the same time .
pulis finishing top half
indeed
and they were imprisoned because they were seen as inferior
i always thought that movie was kinda gay
and any color of albanese gummies are better than any other gummy .
like ice cream
i 've only seen the original with harvey keitel .
the s n ftfy ynwa jft 96
i put mine in a narcan pen so i can get one last hit
there 's this beautiful thing they discovered called an archway . the romans like columns , but they really really liked archways . they put them on acqueducts , ampitheatres , homes , palaces , and just about anything else they could stick it on .
the insurance company would have paid , not the family
use to listen to slipknot in the 90 ' s , on a discman , in highschool , while wearing ufo pants . you might not think it but it was a really awesome time ...
brings a whole new meaning to " bust a nut "
annie are you oakley ?
and the sap can be a source of artificial rubber .
that man 's last name is missing a vowel . any vowel .
i guess one persons cool bar story is another 's life ending tragedy .
and then there was " near beer "
definitely learned about this a ton from an american high school . this is taught as a critical moment in hitler 's rise to power . especially the reichstag fire decree .
strange that this did n't catch on .
i know we invented computers . i know computers exist . i believe in computers , because i think i 'm a computer . right . s
worse yet , imagine if they used it to create a weapon that wiped half of us out . it would be a nightmare for pr .
this should clear things up for you
and the man who ran that evil company ? charles montgomery trump .
i 'm curious if a magnet powerful enough to lift us by our iron content would harm us .
what in the sweet christ was that ?
burnie burns out of nowhere
so many fucking rings ...
all joking aside , awesome o did predict jack and jill iirc .
horses do it by flexing their muscles down there to repeatedly slap their penis into their belly . i grew up on a ranch and never realized that 's what they were doing , lol
are you insinuating that he 's a w jizard ?
kiefer was too busy being big boss at the time , apparently .
pretty sure that 's why op included the word " supposedly " in the title .
if you have n't seen it , check out the untold history of the united states , it 's on netflix , there are a few interesting sections about butler and it goes into more detail about the men he worked for .
we have aircraft carriers named after gerald ford , george bush , and ronald reagan though .
those people are n't going to shelters , they 're following up on kijiji posts where somebody 's dog got pregnant and they 're giving away the puppies . it costs a couple hundred dollars to get a puppy from a shelter .
__url__ a video from sam o nella academy about the banana republics . one of my favorite videos of his
nice governmwnt storage facility you have here ... shame if it were to catch fire .
do n't tell me what to do
to be fair to nukes . they manage to graduate one of the hardest schools and survive the highest suicide rate in the military .
ghandi was an egomaniac himself , a racist and an incestuous pedophile . i can n't believe he would willingly compare himself to ghandi either .
most modern windows are spring loaded slide up , or slide sideways , particularly because the window screen , and the ability to easily put an ac unit in them if wanted .
fuckin savage
only because ' furry balls plopped menacingly on the desk ' was already taken .
how have you never heard of tropic thunder ?
' room 101 ' , the torture room from 1984 was where they torture people with their own phobia , such as rats eating their face . i guess she did n't like cockroaches .
there was a reason this was illegal for most of the age of america ... nixon should have a statue of him lit on fire every day for the rest of time ..
fucking ace .
do n't you think they look pretty similar on the outside ?
the rodney mullen vs dawon song videos are incredible . worth tracking down if you are interested . burned out a vhs from watching it so many times .
twenty thousand leagues , under the sea . fixed
til the whole world except germany kills doggos .
stereotypically speaking , russia is that guy at the party who drinks too much and wants to fight everyone . poland is the one who shows up far more drunk than he looks , finds a quiet place to drink with his friends , then finally gets drunk enough to socialize .
when king was writing cujo there were n't any 24 oz cans of beer , a ' tall boy ' was a 16 oz can .
end of an era ... of memes .
jesus fuck . do n't make the mistake of reading the wiki article about this guy . fucking hell . i 'm not sure i 've read about a more depraved person before .
this is the funniest shit i 've heard in a long time ...
yes , same age as our flat earth .
they 're the baldwins of skarsgards !
its also much easier to keep a conquered area happy ( and not need to leave a huge number or troops behind ) by letting them do what they had been doing . the persians back in the time of darius did the same thing .
to be honest , not moving puts you at risk of getting the clot in the first place . better to keep going fast . sanic do n't get no dvts .
i thought batman had something going on with catwoman , that also happen ?
arguably invented them in the boer war too
they employ my bf 's mother 's logic of " if you wait until you can afford kids you 'll never have them . " i fail to understand how she thinks that will convince us ...
run barry , run !
why does it seem that musicians and small aircraft are such a deadly combination ?
broccoli is a vegetable , alcohol is a drug
' the ancients really had some outstanding names ' . xerxes , to shodan .
i have that on gmail , an account with my actual first name and another with the shortened version of it , and to this day i 'm so ridiculously thankful i got an early invite and could manage that ( fairly common names ) .
never heard it said this well ... 3months left till terminal
he tried to save dsb from the horrors that the products of ansaldobreda were . had the electrification of the danish main lines started earlier , there would have been a sufficient choice . there are few diesel powered train sets for long distances .
he can n't do both ?
i bless lorraine down in aaaaafffriicccaaaaaa
on the next episode of stupid , frivolous lawsuits .
if i ever become an astronaut and go to the iss , i want to hear zapp brannigan on my final day .
i 'm calling bullshit . in the story helen was married to agamemnon but promised to paris . she absconds with the trojans , causing agamemnon to rally the greeks to get her back . not this horsefuckery of overpopulation .
happens to me all the time . " gah . i would have to educate this fucking idiot on like 30 different things . ( usually logic in general ) " then i just tell them to read a book and give up
in contrast the ravens are 18 18 against the steelers since 2000 . disclaimer : i 'm drunk and counted quickly . do n't kill me if i 'm off by 1 .
he was such an annoying little shit .
yeah but that 's like only in emergencies and the likes . a layman cannot go and baptize people willy nilly .
a fifth of a gallon . about 75 cl .
sitting on a toilet and not knowing there was a plunger in it .
i always heard that he did n't even like basketball very much , but he was just so good at it that he kept at it until he went pro
dst is one of those things this country has kept just for the sake of keeping it . it 's really dumb and it fucks up people 's sleep schedules . this is one of the few things my state is doing right .
i love his channel . the heat from the exhaust gets reused to the point that the exhaust is cool enough to hold on to .
20,000 pieces of junk mail going into your inbox from hotmail .
you do n't need to tell us that it also went through her skull if you 've already told us that it went into her brain . that 's like the only way for that to happen .
why do you think so many of us despise scott walker ?
yeah , i 'm looking for amanda huggenkiss please .
when i was a kid , i thought the word was " twister . " it actually made sense to me .
an important initial step of communism is either killing or exiling those who openly rebel against the government , according to conventional marxism leninism systems .
and suddenly the organ demand was fulfilled .
i think they 're generally interchangeable in the u . s .
or as if some of the people who like it do n't understand it properly ...
bertrand russell .
make sure to vet your new hires thoroughly
for bonus points , despite being the most searched term , event , and image in history , jawed karim said that his frustration at being unable to find clips of the incident led him to create youtube .
they sure as hell did not mention any of this during religious studies or history classes . we were all taught how saintly and good this person is .
this is something i have never understood . if it happened outside of school , they would be arrested for assault and probably get jail time . but if you assault someone inside school , it 's just bullying and it 's totally normal . wtf ?
john irving says he has his final line written before he begins writing a novel too
lol of course they release it just as mining crashed again .
can the cancer kill the cancer before the cancer kills you ?
it 's treason , then .
j . d . salinger 's life was never quite the same after that day
not to be confused with the brother and sister on dexter 's lab . a much funnier show .
wait , this isnt about drugs ?
in australia it means handsome . kinda like hunk
in local councils in the uk the mayor is nominated by the council . i only know of the mayor of london being voted
comedian doug stanhope has an interesting stance on her .
we just had the reenactment of the battle of germantown . it was pretty rad , lots of musket fire and cannon blasts . disappointingly , no terrier induced cease fires . 7 10 the house is cool though . if you live in the area i recommend taking the tour .
the gap is named after the founders , who were the " gap " in gary puckett the union gap after they left the music business .
you could make an ice knife , more feasible than a ice gun or ice bullet .
in brazil , brazil nuts are just called nuts . at least that 's what the simpsons taught me .
wow
then maybe they should interact with them . :)
i know josh lyman was modeled after rahm emmanuel and you 're probably thinking of santos being modeled after obama . the west wing started airing in 2000 ( ? ) , so bartlett probably was n't modeled after obama
as a kid , when superman iv came out i loved it . iii was horrible to me . added bonus for iv jon cryer kept the same dumb hair dye job from hiding out .
so why are they lizard hipped if they 're birds ?
woulda helped if the usaf did n't fly the same route at the same time for days , much easier to find someone sneaking in if you know relatively where and exactly when to look .
something something i am the spleen .
just signs at the perimeter : " good luck with the bears and wolves ! "
there were no deaths
they work in lidl now
bill gates
money definitely helps .
the cold from a milkshake can make your vocal chords tight . a lot of voice people drink warm beverages ( tea coffee hot toddy ) to " loosen up " .
hold my beer
wait , a group of dolphins is a turmoil ? i 'm pretty sure that 's wrong , but i really want it to be true
a friend 's grandfather has a limping leg because the british did the same to him at the end of war when he was 15 .
then you 've got the fucking indians over there scalping folks .
nobody messes with andrew ' action ' jackson .
that was cool . and how about that bendy plywood they sheathed it with ?
thish headline makesh a mockery of englishsh .
you can use peroxide to bleach your hair . in high concentrations it can be used as rocket fuel .
the state motto of california is eureka !
mr . rogers neighborhood is in amazon prime . we 've been watching it with our toddler . we honestly find ourselves watching it and often . sometimes we poke fun at the puppets , but more often than not we get into a discussion about the lesson .
not if you do n't let anyone know what happened the first time round .
i 'm a twin . my brother and i had our own small language when we were small . our parents said it drove them nuts .
martin sheen nuked by us government while trespassing would have been a crazy headline .
yay connecticut ?
please kill me so i do n't have to live with the memory of this scene
talk about a mistake nobody would make now .
" mostly harmless . " , i think was it , to save space .
nah . also , steaks 3
many say " new coke " was just a marketing scheme to boost sales creating a demand for the " classic " coke
that wikipedia bit on social cleansing by kill prostitutes , child molesters , homosexuals , etc ... wasnt pacho gay ? of course , theres exceptions
also , the peace sign in the background is missing a piece , technically making it the mercedes logo . i 'm not sure if that was intentional or not .
i read it as patrick warburton .
nice pun .
happy easter ?
just in northern ireland , not ireland .
the referenced version was a comedic rewrite from 1917 , the original did not have the fire and is from ancient greece .
nice try ford ...
and japanese slaughter
yeah , the reason aragon was able to resist was because he had insecurity issues .
a true psychopath would have been completely indifferent to his own mother 's death and thus would n't have lashed out like that ( except maybe for shits and giggles ) . but shaka certainly was a lesser kind of monster .
or a bad loophole
( )
young me never made the k'nex connection . i thought it was just an arbitrary " cool sounding " brand name , like kleenex .
best explanation of golf ever maybe nsfw ( language )
i bet that 's why they all marched so funny .
it s also a sound that s trademarked . the trademark describes all that as , two musical notes , a strike and a rapid rearticulation of a perfect fifth pitch interval , which in the key of c , sounds the notes c and g , struck concurrently .
the over population problem in the us is way worse than much of europe . a lot of shelters have no choice but to kill animals that may be harder to adopt out because of breed , behavior or illness . it 's really sad but i think the situation has gotten somewhat better .
very kind .
superior does have a much greater surface area , though . baikal is just insanely deep .
it got a lot of bad reviews at first , also . they changed after it became a hit .
i remember that . thanks for reminding me of my angsty teen years .
pity they do n't measure in useful measurements .
it 's weird to me that there was a time where you could both get a master 's degree and get beheaded for being catholic .
__url__
mine did i 'm just the third generation here ... my grandparents were both from norway and they lived in minnesota for years before moving to arizona for the weather
not really , it 's pure darwinism .
how much woodchuck would woodchuck chuck if woodchuck could chuck wood ?
tmnt confirmed in the mcu !
how mad would she be if she found out you were using it to pick up older men ?
til 8 out the last 15 us presidents have been born west of the mississippi river
great show , very controversial subject matter , at the time , handled exceptionally well , imo . still stands up today as a good window on the 70 ' s in the us . plus it had like 5 spinoff shows , great stuff .
now i wanna hear it without strings ..
what a knob .
andr did often wear a cabbage on his head and hang out in a bin forever after so i 'm inclined to believe this .
god will never figure it out , evil geniuses
the australian anthem is already girt by humor .
two bits well spent
god i hate that so much . do people realize the level of corruption that will happen if the right people have the right blackmail ? it 's ridiculous
well , i mean , obviously not his entire family ...
" entertainment and education "
this is shitty , similar story , i had a service manager who found out he was losing his job when he heard a radio ad looking for his replacement .
people would have higher quality meat probably
i do n't want to know where he was keeping his q card .
rocket fuel malt liquor . damn ! !
the last ground zero search dog died about a year ago at the age of 17 . her name was bretagne .
which makes his military motto of " never pull out " even better
washington dc also has ... washington dc ( sw , se ) .
well i mean i 'll watch any movie no matter how dog shit it looks if he 's in it and know i 'm probably in for a good time regardless . i think snakes on a plane hits that nail on the head .
link to the image
totally read frampton at first hahahah
there is a serious disinformation campaign being run here on reddit , both pro and agains auto manufacturers . a heavily pro electric tesla campaign and an equally pro legacy auto manufacturing campaign . beleive no one .
if you rent and your neighbors suck you can move ... but with a house you are stuck with your shitty neighbors ... i would n't exactly call that freedom ...
this is also the same supermarket who had horse meat in some of their products . and when the ceo was questioned why they did n't check . he said they did n't check for cat or dog meat either because you can n't check for everything .
i 'm sure i have heard that there is a statistically relevant increase in the number of people ( men in particular i think ) having cardiac arrest events at a specific time in the morning . 9am i think . i 'm assuming this is related .
no . it 's spunk . did you not read the post ?