think of how much money peyton manning could make !
be careful who you make fun of in high school . they could be the person sending you on a 1 way trip to mars " for science " .
and that tutor 's name ? albert einstein . seriously , this til sounds like r nottheonion material .
r todayilearned
i think i read somewhere the official language of illinois is " american "
__url__
i was honestly surprised the other day when i was looking into which insurance underwriters would be seeing the biggest losses as the result of harvey and irma . i was mildly interested to see berkshire hathaway owned my life 's insurance policies .
reminds me of ice t , if i recall correctly on mtv cribs he showed how he has vending machines at his house to stop his guests from eating all of his food .
i still am
maintenance log 00012a : a small glitch has caused a deceased subject , one jesus to be revived . luckily the subject died again soon after . hopefully nothing substantial comes of this error .
i like michael caine a lot , but i do n't think it 's fair to call him a god ...
still better than axe .
the rest of the reindeer actually follow the pee trail rudolph leaves behind . but that was n't kid friendly enough .
but that 's not important right now .
i just assumed back then that the high profile guest stars were sleeping with the cast .
actually , these guys are extinct now .
i just assume he 's almost exactly like tim allens portrayal in galaxy quest
after watching the documentary series soviet storm , i could not agree more . wholeheartedly . 90 of the european was was on the russian front .
yeah i do n't see it looking too good for him after this loss
similarly , we know more about twix , snickers , and baby ruth .
if only i could harness this ability when it comes to finals ..
which one brought forth the theory that scientific progress goes " boink " ?
fun fact : a hobgoblin is like any other goblin except shorter as they 're bred especially for killing hobbits . they 're very effective and cost efficient .
me too bud . someday .
the bestest top goalscorer !
i remember middle school having at least two or three fistfights a day .
so the ones i 've seen ( though rare ) in nature are the exceptions to the rule ?
a c at yale is a privilege for legacy students with parents in the skull and bones society .
how disgusting .
but we are initiated , are n't we bruce ? members of the league of shadows !
he now drives around los angeles , alone and singing to himself .
thanks , jerry seinfeld
or maybe we could pay canadian talent more and keep them here .
dan carlins hardcore history has had mentioned it somewhere
fun fact : they 're also ridiculously easy for south korean intelligence forces to spot , because they usually walk around with 50 ' s era clothing and are utterly bewildered by the level of technology present in south korea .
you clearly do n't know anything about sa
how do you call jessica alba and kate mara in skin tight suits a mistake ?
yeah but you 'd find you 're more equipped to deal with bad trips as well because of years of dealing with darkness .
amusingly enough , the direct translation of that latin name keeps the same initials in french ( conf d ration helv tique ) , so they are sort of favouring one of them .
jewish physics
you could sell drugs , too .
the best part of this is that people are not shy to show this on andersen 's biographies . they even show it in a movie about andersen 's life !
how can you have any pudding if you do n't eat your meat ?
it sounds like the sort of thing that would be supported by all the social justice warrior snowflakes on us campuses . and i do n't mean that sarcastically .
nah you re thinking of yucateco
armageddon deep impact
the japanese are practical lot . that still does n't explain some of the weird shit they 're into , though .
i 'm more amazed that akroyd wrote it . i always thought it was all ramis .
how much if you just want to throw something off the bridge ?
on mobile and the sentence got moved to the second line after " giving head " got very confused and scared for a second
they 've done a lot of bad stuff . __url__ __url__ __url__
they knew . it was part of the gay agenda .
anyone ever sample a square one ?
that s way more dangerous and reckless
i know it is a famous piece but i just couldn t rationalize spending 500mil on a painting
:( that must be sad to realise , thanks to germany for having a government that created such kind protection laws .
while also protecting you
the first thing i thought of upon seeing this post was : someone has n't seen bill wurtz 's ' history of japan ' .
i have something similar but not as old two coins side by side in the same ' package ' .
bet she moanas a lot , at work
so good to know it 's not just me .
revealed in the cast a crew commentary on the dvds . still the most entertaining commentary tracks ever !
do n't forget beyonce . oh wait , sorry i got it backwards .
so can we go and kill some more ? s .
that guy fucks fucked
is n't this why rabbits eat their poop ?
anything is a dildo edible if you 're brave enough .
pokemon mystery dungeon .
kevin new job for being a cunt
" what ... are you planning ... to do ... ? ? "
is that anything like inward singing ?
so the germans have dominated in russia , well except for when they didnt ...
did twc and brighthouse used to be the same company ? we never had twc in my area but we had brighthouse but now it 's called spectrum too edit : apparently they merged __url__
mitch mcconnel comes to mine ugh . dude . buy a damn chin with all your lobbyist money
they 're so like us
god help me , i 'm old ...
i mean , i get this on a philosophical level . but like . really ?
question i came here to ask as well , it 's a shitty til if the source is n't very reliable and we do n't have proof . ( no i 'm not asking for a video i 'm just saying these types of posts should have more documented proof before being broadcasted on the sub ) .
just do what most states do , contract it out to a third party . version is still producing internet in florida but through the company frontier .
" one family had filed a 250 million lawsuit against the harrises and klebolds in 1999 and did not accept the 2001 settlement terms . a judge ordered the family to accept a 366,000 settlement in june 2003 . " wow .
because of all that shrapnel , would 've been the b sharps :d
if it makes people feel better , scientists are working on a method to identify male chicks before they 've hatched : __url__ presumably it could then be " aborted " before it hatches .
it is because women are so macho and do n't ask for help it 's their egos in reality
__url__ very common repost
that 's actually pretty impressive to keep a tradition for 6000 years
how did you not use ' pigment ' in that ?
i believe it 's mostly an american thing . i 'm latino , but i know that the french , italians and germans also do n't have this prudish attitude towards alcohol .
but then he loses his job bc he did n't actively prevent anyone from burning down forests . now he does toilet paper commercials with his family just to make ends meet .
your eyes actually believe that first picture is real ? smh .
title irony ?
most of this website , actually
" while they may bite anywhere on the body , they re more inclined to nibble on your fingernails , eyelashes or hair . " fuck . that .
disgraceful . what an absolute yabbo .
fuckin ' , where ?
can n't wait to see what we give up after a mass shooting in vegas .
dolphins are just human of the sea .
__url__
and most likely would n't have had the same success . that 's if hogan is even telling the truth and not pulling shit out of his ass .
this is true for fingerings , because there are so many different voicings for the same note . however , i can n't count the times it 's helped me with the rhythms and melody lines knowing how to count out the notes .
it looks like a sci fi doomsday device .
she did n't die until 1961 at the age of 101 , so she got to live to see female rights elevated quite further .
and on the other hand , there was a holocaust survivor who saw ralph fiennes in german uniform tremble in terror , because his resemblance to amon goeth was uncannily accurate .
baby cows ... are called calves . edit : people calling calves " baby cows " is a pet peeve of mine for some reason . i know both are correct .
new york is actually named after the duke of york
jesus christ , fix that title !
" we relieve you of your obligations due to back problems . wink wink . " swiss army .
the fucking hoa probably would n't want anything to do with that shameless plug for r fuckhoa
i could of sworn that there was a myth busters episode on this and it was debunked .
they go from using a screwdriver and your bare hands to camaras and a bunker a 1 4 mile away . that is a leap .
the game nioh is loosely ( loosely ) based on his story
my cousin did the same thing . shit himself right in the head . he survived but has the mental ability of a toddler . i 'm sure he wishes he had just died .
yreka native here as well ! although i defected to oregon .
well , thats better than being the worst topscorer in polish history .
is that ad or bc ? because if it 's bc it probably just about ties with the hebrew shekel .
that 's cool ... is he funny in any of them ?
maybe if they bought them guns , or kept their own guns in an insecure location where their children could use them to perpetrate a crime like this .
it 's like we learn nothing . this is just going to result in more geese joining the cause and taking down more of our airplanes .
sounds like work at home scam investigator would be a pretty solid job choice .
he saved the alamo too
like " he 's got a lot of spunk ! " but again , the context , or you 're back talking about spooge .
more like 5 friends who always agree with you and 5 people who always disagree with you to agree to the same thing .
is n't it odd that since hugh hefner died , that stereotype he created of the dashing and seductive playboy has been shown to be nothing but creepy old men using drugs and alcohol to ensnare real young girls ?
you also woulf have to pay taxes on it
the buggre alle this bible .
i think he was trying the new prototype flying segway ! it failed badly !
i 've honest to god never heard anyone misconstrue the meaning of the title .
that smug face says it all .
challenge accepted .
equation of crime and punishment was an integral part of his policy
__url__
" holy birble "
i do n't know , given the way things are going , i think we should have more concern .
god damn i hate gin , dee you bitch !
my wife was watching a documentary about it on pbs .
my grandparents used to own a house at the outskirts of yreka , and i spent every winter there growing up ! interesting town . shasta is beautiful .
the moral of this story was never : " slow and steady wins the race . " the real moral was : " quit procrastinating and get your shit done , or some slow ass , dense motherfucker , who 's always talking shit , is going to come by and steal your fucking job . "
being from there , i 'd love it meet someone called fermanagh .
way more at the original article by phil plait ( u badastronomer ) that was cited there . __url__
the dolphin looks extremely pleased with himself ... ( ... and the dead fish of course )
do you foresee a situation where civilian gun owners use their guns to overthrow the government ? i think any attempt at that would fail before it started . if not , then what are you suggesting ? vigilante justice ? i 'm not convinced that gun ownership is an important right .
that was a dark episode .
he ai n't wrong .
by saying that , are n't the jedi dealing in absolutes ?
you will n't be hurting anyone anymore
because rice is n't just carby empty calories .
as someone from the cincinnati area , ... well ... fuck . sigh
ah , good old unfunny ned .
team toto washlet ! life changer . wiping our asses with paper until we pretty much dont see poop anymore and calling it clean has got to be the stupidest routine thing we do each day in america .
r nofap
just because your calc prof gave you questions which let you just apply some theorems , does n't mean all of calculus consists of this . most integrals are very very hard to compute
wait ... you 're telling me their bodies actually have a way of shutting that down ?
back in the good old days .
asia at its best . ref : __url__
howard hughes was staying one night at a motel , and the motel light was flashing off and on much of the night . he bought the place on the spot from the owner and had the light shut off . after firing the motel manager ...
but why promote them if they can handle the responsibilities in their current position ?
deja vu
this comment deserves gold .
my dog does the laughing noise , but i watched the video anyways . this caused my 70 lb pitbull to climb in my lap and start laughing
to be fair , some time you can see chicago given the right position of the sun at sunset . like a camera obscura , but , like , not .
you want a musical that lyrically and musically is very much a product of its time ? chess . does n't stop it from being 100 pure awesome , though .
frostmourne hungers .
looks like those old hercules classic monster movies from the 60 70 ' s
the absurdity lies purely in man 's extrapolation of filling in the details between points of mathematical probabilities .
the luftwaffe had special camps for enemy airmen in order to avoid reprisals from allied forces against them if they were ever captured . if you were from the good race ( i . e . not soviet ) then you would be safe and protected by the international law .
most submariners are older . it take a lot of work to get on one .
if my cows are n't aryan , then they 're being made into burgers at the first opportunity i get .
what the fuck ? ? why bother ? just shoot them dead , do n't waste your time like that .
your title makes it sound as though it is 100 confirmed to be a false flag , but it is still currently a consipiracy theory . it 's literally as if i made a til saying " til bush did 9 11 "
i thought they said we were n't supposed to discuss that to other people ...
damn obama . you could n't just stop at the frogs ...
sorry sir but you have mastutbation . take these wipes and this bible .
... and for this , we still talk about him to this very day ... making him immortalized ( at least in some poetic sense ) .
and so , the moloch worship continues
that 's because the us has only existed for like 200 years .
1998 brit awards john prescott and chumbawamba was another rather well known moment in their careers .
me , i just get more duties without the promotion ...
welcome to hollywood , the land of extreme nepotism . i love how half these people think its just random coincidence that literally half of hollywood is the children of billionaires or previously successful people in the industry .
i 'm high on be eel ing ...
" pierson pled guilty to one count of vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence . he was sentenced to one year of probation and 300 hours of community service , and his driver 's license was suspended for two years . " need i say more . justice is blind and fickle .
i wonder if it was just foreign spies using it as an excuse when they got caught .
femme fatale .
yeah . it 's portrayal of petty petty people stumbling their way through shit and rarely even caring about the effect of their jobs is apparently dead on .
wow i was pronouncing this as " yir ee kah " in my head the whole time .
i thought she was a bad bitch from sri lanka
socal tap water was practically flavorless and tasted about the same as licking the air . nj ny tap water is amazingly good though .
atleast he won 2 races.unlike jarrier who never won any due to his massive bad luck .
remember , no russian
african americans make up 13 of the total us population and 40 of the total prison population .
you think ships are n't pressurized using recycled air ?
i know two girls like this , they are both great people . one of them is my girlfriend for 5 years and the other is just a good friend . some girls just don t like living in a soap opera and hearing people gossip all day and rather just play some videogames .
it 's interesting though . obviously there are still complete stop motion movies , but stop motion inside live action movies is gone ( as far as i know ) .
and this is where the phrase , " dead tiled " comes from
make that man a biopic staring david cross .
this seems important if true .
yeaaa ! ouch . yea ! ouch .
i mean to be fair she is the worst part of the movie
are we to assume some rabbit esque happenings or is migration from other cities already counted in the baseline ?
detroit should do this ! we control the water ... for now .
as a baseball player i can comment on the fact that this is so crazy . you gotta catch and throw with the same hand .
basically read the life and times of scrooge and the old castles new secret ( a letter from home ) by don rosa to understand it .
c'mon man
no outsourcing ... to " correct and serve " , however , if you see it online leave people alone to write as they want ! otherwise get a classroom ! since most people definatly find the word nazi offensive ... try grammerpolice ... to correct and serve , get it ?
it used to be called propaganda , it 's been rebranded as public relations .
" goddammit ! okay your highness , stay right there , lemme just reload real quick . " 14 minutes later " alright , prepare to meet your mak where 'd everybody go ? "
his what ? ?
i wonder who knows more about voice acting ... random redditor or an actual actress ... hmmm
i think i know who did it !
yes ! i 've been contemplating buying trackmania turbo for a long time and now i do n't have to !
sounds like someone has never passed out while waiting on the delivery guy to show . very responsible !
i honestly think they view him as anti social and weird and they relate to that more . in the david v goliath of smart scientist vs evil douchebag monology i hate le capitalism ... it 's no wonder who reddit likes .
still expect you to somehow draw bayern
they 're definitely not special . what did you do today , eat a chicken sandwich ?
the accident caused her pregnancy .
the movie " oedipus rex " from 1957 is pretty awesome , imo . it also sports the amusing trivia that william shatner plays a minor role in it .
that is correct .
who built that ? and how did that not get passed around as gossip ? it 's not like they had ndas and subcontract agreements
not a bad way to go
for once something is actually 1984 when someone says " that 's 1984 stuff right there "
yet
he was such a fucking bad ass .
survival of the dankest .
seaman swallow sitrep !
if these armadillos gave birth to five identical quintuplets , they would be awesome at genetic yahtzee .
that seems worse than killing all eight . leaving one all alone ( for all the smithsonian knew ) mourning their whole family . actually , that seems like a great setup for a revenge movie .
i be he really ate that up .
considered ? cast and screen tested mang .
so it keeps the livings limbs attached , and prevents babies from having limbs at all
happy birthday if you 're read this , u queenelizabeth .
would you rather have highly over populated shelters with under fed and violent dogs ?
thank you for not grovelling for the upvotes hahahaha . not that you give a fuck . but dat shit vas funny
gen philip kearny seems to be an all right guy .
does this mean that if massa went back to sauber , v10 ' s would come back also ? ?
a close contender
this is what my mom used to say : " if your job pays the bills and you 're hurting anyone , then it 's a good and honorable job " .
one of the producers remarked that it was written by " a sentient bag of cocaine . "
tea and coffee all day long for me it 's hard to get up to the challenge .
was n't executive decision out a year or so before this ? that was already die hard on a plane
look at how good desegregation worked for comparison
but condoms are n't as fuuuuuuuuuuuuun ! i get so tired of this .
i always assumed it was the size . that said ive seen " ponds " in maine bigger than most " lakes " in florida .
i 'm picturing them riding bicycles in clogs and smoking weed .
til ...
i 'm not sure i buy this guy 's assessment of this . the pristine samples are stored in those containers , in cabinets under dry nitrogen . the cabinets are monitored for humidity and oxygen and continuously purged .
what was the reason he could n't put the song at the end ? is it due to the way the vinyl 's are made ?
i loved trackmania on pc when i was a kid ... maybe this is a good console version ?
would not have kicking prevented her death ? or was the blood clot due to " dislodge " ( do n't know what that means ) eventually ?
maybe she was downing them shell and all ?
... florida .
that is outrageous
i use it to grill sandwiches
how do they know how long ago the lice diverged ? surely there are no fossils or anything .
fuck that was amazing i 'm not even mad
__url__
halp
well fucking done
they do . i use a particular brand of frozen burgers that are pretty much meant to cook on a george foreman . fucking quality
i figured it out when the disney world ride only went down like 4 feet before it hit the bottom of the ocean .
he was a child molester ! ! !
one big difference that 's just the armor for the knight , i can load up my plate carrier with all my gear and kit to last 2 days and it weighs about 50lbs .
and it 's funny because urkle is the only reason that anyone aside from his momma knows his name .
... and this was crucial because germans planned on belgium surrendering quickly and capturing their railways intact so they could strike a massive blow through belgium ( france fortified its border with germany but not the border with belgium ) to win the war quickly .
i remember this happening . i also remember when he had to go and tell everyone it was a joke .
this . they made like 3 movies and many more books within like 2 years of his death . the guy was n't a fucking god , but that was the height of apple mania . some people basically thought he was .
nah , the real reason is because they donated it all to the holocaust center .
the dolphin way of saying " i caught a fish this big " while holding your hands apart to replicate the size of it .
you should try it night driving ! night and day
and when they die they will be a zombie
when you anger thor like that by praising false idols you probably should n't continue the movie . thor ai n't no little bitch , he 'll fuck you up and not give a shit .
alimony child support is usually based on actual earnings is n't it ? anyone who does n't get a prenuptial agreement is stupid but i 'm genuinely confused about this situation
i think it 's because of hygiene reasons . humans do n't eat bears and other meat eaters because of some type of worm that can live in the meat . same for foxes and wolves . dont know about monkeys though . but who would like to eat a monkey ?
the pudding is n't " pudding " ... ( it 's semen ... )
well now i feel bad for a robot
til that word meme is a shortening of mimeme
a lot ( dare i say most ) pitbull owners take little to no time to properly train their dogs . an improperly trained pitbull is a very dangerous animal . a properly trained pit is a wonderful , adorable , loving and sweet animal .
my guess would be that hyperinflation lead to a ' new ' shekel in the 80s , meaning it 's no longer the oldest ' current ' currency . saying that , the brits reformed our currency from shillings and all that shit so who knows !
i 'm out there jerry and i 'm lovin every minute of it !
they own men ? !
and then you get a bit drunk and it 's the best thing ever
this is fucked up
skeet skeet skeet mother fucker !
r therewasanattempt
tangentially related , there 's a book called the tao of pooh that uses winnie the pooh to introduce you to taoism . it 's a great read ... or so i remember from my mom reading it when i was a kid .
nah , the enemy bots were just super shit .
fall back on his contingency plans and secret bases , like he does when this happens in injustice : year one .
just needs a tapout hat and he 's all set
it was due to iamoscar.com
i did my grad work in vermont and lived there for a while . the lack of billboards is absolutely fantastic , especially having lived in california where certain portions of the state are just littered with them . i wish california would pass a similar resolution .
begs the question is a term that comes from formal logic . it 's a translation of the latin phrase petitio principii , and it 's used to mean that someone has made a conclusion based on a premise that lacks support .
when he sings , every note is a ransom note .
are you sure of that ?
called it the saigon squat back in highschool , streched our inner thighs that way .
poor russians , they had to steal information back then .
motorcycles are dirt cheap . i can outperform most supercars for 9k .
__url__
yea people new to the sport have never seen a young and fiery ( or icy ) raikkonen go against schumacher during his prime years .
i 'm ok with this .
oy , you found yourself a billybumbler
be one with the money . oooooohmmmmmm
what 's that ? ? when i google westworld nothing comes up . i 'm not joking , no imdb , rottentomatos .. or even youtube link . wtf
" ditching " a plane is another way to say the plane made a water landing . but i would imagine they would be shot down before they could succeed in landing the plane if they were within sight of the allied powers .
and right after lebron . he 's the ryan leaf of the nba draft .
it 's the same guy who evolved sub saharan african warfare from throwing spears at eachother and going home to stabbing people with bigger spears .
you can shoot heroin directly into muscle and get high . it 's like you did n't even google it .
is it wrong to eat them all in one sitting ?
such a brave opinion on reddit
that , and cities in florida are willing to shell out a shit ton of money to have teams located there
then the problem would be that people are cutting those other guys too much slack , not that they 're giving nicki minaj too much shit .
:(
sounds like cultural appropriation to me .
the equivalent of the dollar store in the uk is poundland . cracked me up every time i saw one . " honey , i just got my paycheck ! we 're going to poundland tonight ! "
yikes . imagine living in a time where banishment was a thing . my great grandfather was sent to france to fight in wwi after being convicted of shooting a texas ranger . he was allowed to return when the war was over .
queen is also the only band to have had freddy mercury as a lead singer . and that 's enough .
hmmm , read a lot about the mezoamerican pantheon of dieties , and just do n't ever recall seeing this . what 's one of the alternate quetzalpetlatl or one of her cardinal direction names ? i thought xolotl was quetzalcoatl 's sibling .
" accidentally "
it 'd be cool to steal the kilogram . would make for a neat heist movie
oh cool theres a good reason for me to be proud of my polish heritage .
ever stub your toe on a table and then proceed to kick it or hit it with something afterward ? same thing . makes no sense .
purely for defense , of course .
then would n't all hallucinogens cause vomiting ?
people who want to study awful parody need only to look at all of the attempts to mock tmnt . such shit can be found in that sub genre of parody .
crater face
and i remember my mom bought me both . at first i was pissed , then happy i had bad guys to pretend fight .
holy shit that 's a semi real number . i was expecting it to be something to the 12
makes sense . it took forever and they treated you like a king the whole way .
weird coincidence , i just climbed mt . shasta a few weeks ago ( hardest physical thing i 've ever done ) , and i had no idea of the connection when i posted this item .
sea school in the navys case .
i could see that . no drama , just two true professionals doing their best to perfect their craft .
i can understand your view on excitement after your game against dortmund last year .
he is a genius became he married britney back when she was real hot and child free . now lifetime alimony !
um and what if its a woman ? ?
i 've made rabbit pie . it turned out great , but was a lot of effort to prepare as there were many small bones and not a lot of meat .
took your advise . do n't need that tonight . thanks .
they have some pretty funny ones along the i 10 though . a condom ad reads " come in peace " made me have a good chuckle the first time i saw it .
if the picture actually exists , it would be worth a fuck ton of money .
se curr ity ... se curr ity
just after 9 11 blockbuster put stickers on violent movies warning them that it might trigger the viewer . my brother and i pealed them off and put them all over freddy got fingered movies .
i mean , she 's no angel , but who likes customers ?
my understanding is a lot of them were " sealed in " to prevent this . unsure about the regular planes , but i know the planes designed for nothing more than a kamikaze purpose , had this feature .
anglo homo milk in canada
fps players have a similar custom .
u can n't integrate by parts in ur head ? ? fkn noob
when he said " england expects that every man will do his duty " , i would n't think he meant quite that far .
growing up i always heard the ' best of the best ' nonsense . after serving you realize most are just the top of the bottom of the barrel .
seems like something that will need to be harmonized among all members of the ... oh ... nevermind
confirmed
for sure not for std 's .
it works in humans , too . it 's how my mom got my brother and i to stop fighting as kids .
__url__
ian anderson is a better songwriter than clapton imo __url__
i can imagine the annoyance in having him explain the history of the music and the chick getting jizzed on when you walk in " this is n't just a facial this is the facial . "
i thought this was obvious . ying to porn flakes yang .
i always thought early 40s
what michelle malkon is in the tank as well ?
i 'm in lakeland . close enough , right ?
i do n't see any unnecessary ' u 's in there . must be american .
tcb
somewhere in the gowanus is the cure for aids .
i guess that clears up who " dumber " was .
what am i missing ?
be honest here how long did you sit there thinking that one up ?
and 750 on her person , if you read the next couple words of that sentence
it 's our world 's hodor .
because 40 million people with glocks shotguns pistols etc . does matter . trying to force our national guard to kill fight civilians ai n't gonna work . national guard would refuse .
who cares about social norms ?
because my gut reaction is to consider their parents as victims in all this , too .
what is that statistic counting as serial killers ? does it count gangs , coups or war crimes ? is is it only counting people who kill multiple people for pleasure not profit or political gain or genocide ?
can n't have public sanctioned blood sacrifice without public education . seperation of church state and education is a must for decent societies lest you end up with psychopathic beliefs like environmentalism or feminism or blood sacrifice
hello , future spunkers !
also happened in the 1968 euros .
when will we just get over the fact that steroids and other forms of doping are now just a part of modern sport ? if we just accept that then we can actually regulate safer doping methods from the more harmful ones all the while seeing more and more feats of athleticism .
my aunt looks like et cuz of thalidomide .
i do n't fear death at all , but i 'm definitely not looking forward to the process of dying .
how about nope ?
this guy corporates
what about the cane toads
here 's a relevant picture of the caddies .
doing allah 's work , son
octopus and galactus are the same thing ?
cold homie . just cold .
if you do n't mind me asking , what was able to take her so young ? i lost my dad at eleven when he was the age i am now , and could n't function if i lost my slightly older sister even now .
all hail the milk lobby . also , pizza is considered a vegetable thanks to the dept of agriculture .
and what a way to do it !
this is a mitchell and webb sketch reference .
there are so many better alternatives than raw eggs though
the words " like a horse " were n't added until years later when i was in college .
saw . my fair lady a few weeks ago . even knowing her singing was dubbed , she was still magnificent .
mandatory
bg protip : kill drizzt for some sweet , sweet loot .
more like brought a ged
i think he 's like a scratch golfer too .
feedback , so to speak
my eyes immediately identified the word tits and i can n't untrain my brain to stop reading it that way . i be tits .
yup . i visited new mexico recently . motorcycles everywhere . i saw maybe 3 helmets in a week .
it feels good not raising a kid for 18 years .
the autistic people can just sit there and not get it . not every joke needs to be over explained for morons .
" 9 years old " would have been enough info .
i doubt it , a pound coin from a year ago wont be legal tender by september i think .
holy shit i just gleeked by pushing my tongue into the bottom of my mouth . time to start training .
scientists should leave avocados for future generations to discover . or at least plant new ones .
russia 's economy has been run very inefficiently since the fall of the ussr . we offered to help but they did n't really want help .
that 's what why we did away with that part of history . genious , right ? china
til john denver was the oldest person to have lived .
is n't this the basis of the purge ?
i suppose female teens learn a lot quicker
sly cooper . best example .
yea , let the real airlines do that themselves .
i 'm fine with animals being tested as the last stage , right before it goes into human consumption , but that is n't whats done . they are tortured on the slimmest of premises because animals are cheap have no rights
lived there during this time , it was much worse than anyone could imagine , this was just the tip of the iceberg , had friends who had parents that were with the us customs and the marine patrol and most of those offices were also dirty
the morning after diana swallowed the guinea pig kids at school could talk about nothing else . the childbirth scene was pretty amazing too .
maybe the dutch also did n't like the stories about being attacked and eaten by the locals .
this just makes me think i 'd be fine if i tried cocaine lol
do n't go into the chunnel !
no women . that 's why it 's hell .
this in itself sounds like a borat joke .
guess who 's back ! ! !
i also remember hearing that china had a big homeless population and they were worried about the optics of that being shown or exposed during the olympics ... and then all of a sudden there was no more homeless problem .
aka snoopy
tbf if there is a new plague it will take out the weak genes . if you or i died from it , that would only further strengthen our species and its a sacrifice i 'm sure future generations can appreciate . bye u solsearcher
in college he harassed a guy by dragging him around a frat house by his scrotum . with a claw hammer .
also , jon stewart rolls off the tongue much nicer .
ehh , the carpet bombing before the nukes was just as if not more demoralizing . japan was ready to surrender but we wanted to make sure russia saw the power of our new weapons .
my favorite borat related thing is a few times international sporting events have bottled it and played the borat kazakh anthem at the event source : __url__ __url__
while staying at a friend 's house in vegas i learned that the environment is ill suited for my species . it was so dry my nose was bleeding every day and i got a crack in my cheek . edit : bids are starting at 100
no shit ... glad an asian driver did n't win ... da da da da da da ding ding ding .
until the undertaker dropped him 16ft through a table .
how awful . what a terrible thing to do .
leave it to germany to stay as far away from anything described as a " concentration camp " .
many bothans died to bring us this installation .
no that would be a congogoer
there is cool scifi about how bears take over the earth and put humans into the general food chain ..
you mow the lawn . enjoy your vegetables !
and this is why the aliens will never speak to us ...
im pretty sure they dont hassle you about how much of the can you get when you are flying in your own private jet . but then again ive never flown in a private jet so maybe they do .
thank you for your humor .
when you do n't want to divide by 100 or multiply by 10 .
30 rock left netflix 4 days ago . it 's now on hulu though .
i really want to see this deleted scene .
he was a shill for big bidet . r hailcorporate
this makes me curious when did fully fledged non military economic warfare begin ?
did n't the population also go down a ton because of emigration ? i know the us has more people of irish descent than ireland
joke is on the us gov't because stainless steel does n't tarnish .
success is easily bought when you live in a one party state .
and elephants
you got my hopes up as i developed my peanut allergy late in life and for a moment i thought i could have reese 's pieces back again ... nope . :(
isnt " remember pearl harbour " a kinda long sentence in morse code ?
yo all these posts assuming we already have the title is scaring me .
maybe they killed them all
what happened to the adjective ' successful ' to describe these feats ? this ' most winning ' ' winningest ' fad is nuts .
spectre took them .
is n't dasani basically filtered tap water ?
the reason subatomic particles originate from fields is because they 're statically allocated in ram this allows us to use a single particle to represent every thing that needs that type of particle . saves memory and makes simulating an entire universe magnitudes easier .
that ... sounds about right
i can n't recall where this is from , it bothers me a bit .
that bit wasn t actually scripted but they were over budget and sent to to warner bros and they were blown away by that scene and let them run over budget .
i mean they used to press a lot of records there so that 's kinda cool .
not regular milk , just the flavored kinds . for schools it 's almost always low fat ( skim , 1 , 2 ) milk so , yes has more sugars in it naturally . for me at least these days i mostly drink raw milk .
" dear ndugu ... "
the exact same thing is right there on the op wikipedia link . ? ? ?
" weiner cousins : the bond that can n't be broken . "
and he got his start acting in an early episode of unsolved mysteries .
holy shit . if ever a person had found their reason to exist in this universe it 's that dude who found his to jump around and balance on a board on wheels .
how many guns can you fire at the same time ? he could have done just as much damage with a single gun .
you sound sad about something else going on in your life , care to talk about it ?
" guys , we just can n't afford healthcare for all . "
it 's pronounced almost the same in hungarian as well
try pillars of eternity
you definitely do n't wa n't to read the comments in this thread , then .
no , he 's only alive on the outside .
i 've also read that he did n't actually die , this type of running was the norm for a lot of them especially the messengers .
one diploma , or one credit ? the latter would have been hilarious .
what 's the logic ? a mentally handicapped person could do all that so poor people have no excuse ? lol
yes . to reduce invasive species or head off overpopulation leading to ecological collapse . we could even alter our diets to focus on harmful species . a lot of places already do hunting and fishing ' events '
and do n't forget him cooking with martha stewart .
they implemented the law for a short period of time , when most people had not had any children yet , so the population kept growing even with people obeying the law .
it really seems like there could have been a simpler fix for this ...
say whaaaaaaat ?
i knew he would be the best after i saw the alcoholics anonymous
yea .. i 'm going to need some pronunciation guidance , here .
you can buy it online but i even just saw links to it on youtube when i googled it .
there 's also muff crescent in the town of nobber in meath .
she 's still hot though
problem is i do n't have the pretty woman figure that would give me a second job right now .
baphomet
anyone seen the electric piper ?
i remember him . good guy .
sometimes science is n't needed .
man , if he lived family reunions would have been really awkward . also ya know , if lincoln did n't get assassinated . i feel like you either need to be really dedicated to your cause or really fucking hate your brother in law to actively fight a war against him .
what do you think kids saw while swimming ?
why would n't she go by nicki mirage then ? i do n't understand , that 's so much more hook .
the romans only named their babies after 8 9 days , so they would n't get too attached in case of infant death . they just called the baby " pupa " until then .
its are hilarious joke that gets me every time .
in canada we 'd elect him prime minister
i volunteer
why was this gilded am i missing something ?
til hitler was locked in some dead guy 's tomb for over 500 years until some jackass let him out .
yeah i remember my teacher showing me a documentary about the process of transporting him back to the wild , everything seemed so optimistic at the end . teacher then went on to say that the whale died mercilessly . our reaction after that was priceless .
or in letting killers become serial without catching them before .
but is n't there an indiana jones game for atari ?
what it needs is a peppy blonde in daisy dukes with really nice ... vocal skills .
fuck it ! we 'll do it live !
the name sounds like the female equivalent of a " cock block "
0 " since it 's on the ground .
virginia and w virginia combine to form mississippi circa 1835 .
our bodies rely on sugar to function , so why do people believe this ? glucose is what all of our cells use for energy . derived from carbohydrates . people have ridiculous witch doctor ideas .
zingers till the end . what a guy ...
it does n't matter what it says . it could say aliens killed him in retaliation for area 51 experiments and you could n't do anything about it .
a boats a boat , but the mystery box could be anything it could even be a boat ! i 'll take the box .
and if you make it through you 're free to go ? ? right ? no , okay :(
so you 've heard the term splooge then ? or is that a norcal term ?
it is truly a superior lake .
pajamas .
a true egalitarian .
joke 's on them ! i 'm looking at you klaus fuchs .
yeah . gyrocopters are safer .
i believe there was another thread abour red alert 2 where the guy turned granades into dogs . i thought that was cool
we 've had a lot longer to improve on it so it 's bound to be .
i once forgot my phone password , got locked out from too many wrong attempts and had to reset it . i put a new password in and forgot what it was not even two minutes later ...
what . the fuck .
i knew hong kong movie is popular world wide , but i did n't expect shaw 's movie is also well known in the west 0 0
a wide variety of unexpected bacteria ?
he didn t use a didge and claim it for the aboriginies ?
read some of the books about the stones tours ( true adventures , stp ) . he plays it down a lot in his autobiography .
__url__
shocked , shocked i tell you .
cholula ? bro . bruh . bru . really ? the hot sauce to go everyone knows is the valentina from jalisco mofo .
she 's gonna be 101 on the 12th .
taken the wrong way this could mean she wanted her image emblazed on the swastika . for example , jerry west wears the nba logo , but he 's also on the logo .
i too can do integral calculus in my head . integrating x 2 is a pretty easy task .
worst case of suicide i ever seen :
most bombs are airburst to destroy the maximum area . your two biggest concerns are the shockwave and heatwave . so you 're biggest concerns are surviving probably most of the buildings around you collapsing and putting something in between the heatwave and you .
r titlegore
i 'm pretty sure that since the time of napoleon , the french foot was defined as 1 3 metres
" come get your water bukakke " dasani
( )
guess they picked to tolerate religion after being a center of biggest religious civil war in europe .
south korea is a huge consumer of these cans . tabletop butane burners are used everywhere .
he apparently commented i seriously don t know what it s for , " which makes sense . it is a basically worthless honour . others have rejected it on the grounds of being republican or anti monarchist , a view that is growing more common in the united kingdom .
sign me up for xray wavelengths please
haha ! ! i do the same thing every single time google asks me that
this guy came to my school and at the end of the presentation , some kid asks , " how do blind people have sex ? " and he says , " the same way as everybody else " with a goofy grin on his face
if you played r eu4 you would know this xd
i was expecting a soiaf reference as the top comment ...
" fuck ! i burnt the spaghetti and now my apartment smells like wasabi too ! " but in sign language
i do n't know ... one of those disgusting islands stuck in the stone age
at least he did n't have to watch any of his films .
mooooom ! r squaredcircle is leaking again !
has anyone here read the books anathem or a new kind of science ?
yep .
i thought it was being under the influence of resident evil ...
respect what it has the potential to do to your brain , not fear it . it is an impactful experience and if you have control over your thoughts and emotions it 's something everyone should try at one point or another imo
superior is probably the cleanest of the great lakes
you just described the reason why birth control was such a driving force 120 years ago .
gg ez
go nets ! ! !
30 billion , thats chicken feed compared to 250 trillion in oil reserves the gulf states have .
that s my name :(
i thought recessive means that it doesn t display itself .
poisonous or venomous ?
when you 're exhausted your stride is shorter to conserve energy
us
to be fair 14 is a pretty low budget , especially considering the fact most of the money probably went to ledger and gyllenhaal
recipe : mix 10 parts whiskey with 0 parts ice cream , 0 parts milk and 0 parts chocolate in a glass . swirl glass menicingly . can be served over ice .
i miss winamp ! ! does the last release still work well ?
i switch between fez 's version and lilly 's from himym .
kind of off topic , but i think the first interracial kiss on tv in the us was on star trek nichelle nichols and william shatner .
the missile attack killed the ship 's cook ... who was probably the most dangerous man on the ship .
greek word for cereal ( ) is derived from the greek goddess of harvest and agriculture , .
he looks like a nicer , healthier alex jones in that photo . and then you realise he has 43 years on that fucker .
not all true , knew a guy i worked with worked 27 years retired at 48 years old with great retirement , died a year later . healthy guy too .
that seems open to interpretation .
not as much of an arse as the guy who told the tortoise he saw a fire without helping tell the others
damn you tarantino ! ! ! you should have used her also in inglorious basterds !
that 's great ! i loved my guinea pigs and it 's nice to see a whole country taking their welfare seriously .
and how many miles it is to south of the border ?
it 's nothing that a few well written songs could n't have prevented .
this list reminds me of the website hotsheet , which ( for anyone who does n't remember ) was like a directory for the internet .
oh do fuck off . some people just have different opinions .
" unemployment "
this is somewhat misleading . cincinnati is a dwindling city , but the surrounding tri state area is quite populated . each of these three cities has a greater metropolitan population of around 2 million , with cincinnati 's the largest and columbus ' the smallest .
yes , dennis sang that one song that manson wrote . it was not a hit . dennis also impregnated the daughter of his cousin mike love and married her ( they were still married when he drowned ) the hot manson girl was leslie van houten look at your game girl
i cried when i first watched that and found out that hicks died . i was actually angry and kept asking my mom why they killed him .
return of the killer tomatoes meanwhile credits a good , better and best boy . the directors three children .
another day i can use to excuse my drinking ! i 'll take what i can get
what 's this ... ' bee ' ? you mean that thing from black mirror ?
a grizzle bears has 4 " claws on each paw backed up with car stopping power . kinda like wolverine pissed at you for trying to destroy the world .
it was actually doom
does n't really surprise me . i mean they do eat dogs there .
depends on whether you 're in the process of filling it up or emptying it , no ?
then we went back and kicked ass , made a treaty as a non aggressor nation , not based on christianity in any way !
that was almost 10 years ago there is no way this is still acccurate
nichols was a big reason woppie goldburg got into entertainment .
to england ? wouldn t he go home to wales since he s welsh ?
dolphins also have rape caves
which is denying the all seeing nature of god in islam . big no no .
little did they know , when they left one alive they had ... sealed their fate .
the " ubisoft game " stamp of approval ... " well ... it 's not that bad " .
this is a bit of a disingenuous non sequitur even if you were to argue that the odds of a terrorist attack increase with increased immigration , it would be silly to argue that immigration caused terrorism . it 's like saying poor people cause crime .
so , why did the illinois academy of sciences feel the need to give the wife of a communist dictator honorary membership ?
heartbreaking ... the death of unknowns , millenias ago ... ?
trying to mod games on 3ds and they keep closing each new loophole that emerges .
i could be wrong but i think i remember bald eagles were " endangered " in the us ... not the rest of north america . there were and are shit tons of them in canada . vancouver island has more bald eagles than the entire united states .
every goddamn thread .
did you ever hear the tragedy of anakin skywalker the dank ? i thought not . it 's not a story your psychology professor would 've told you .
moxie was a pretty popular soft drink up until the 30s . it 's all calvin coolidge would ever drink and they paid ted williams to be a spokesperson for it . it has a really harsh taste . it 's still around in maine if you want to try it .
i imagine part of the benefit is that he looks ragged from adventuring by doing this . his costume gets a little dirty , he 's sweating . looks like he 's legitimately been doing what they 've been doing .
how about a swiss roll ?
yuuuge !
did n't the chinese name it that ? because to the chinese the sun rises over japan ? i have may made that up in my head .
we should just dislodge pluto into it ' s own orbit outside of the kuiper belt . then it would be a planet again .
wow , someone places a lot of importance on this ... well i hope at the very least you learned how to spell ' russia ' . oh wait , no you did n't .
she did n't " become " a lesbian . it was n't a friggin ' choice . she was always a lesbian .
... and years later a mediocre film starring that f . murray abraham guy from amadeus and scarface would be made in honor of the siege . __url__
what does adenoidal mean ?
the memers are easily startled , but they 'll soon be back , and in greater numbers .
pretty unlikely caesar would only begin to suspect it after his assassination
i really like javelins , they 're so unusual and stylish .
when michael crichton was writing the original novel , he was asked by a reporter what he was working on lately . he said , " the most expensive movie ever made . "
that is actually a very john keisteresque line so i believe it even if it 's fake .
better than the people s front of judea
not even once .
i prefer nodnol .
as an ohioan who grew up in nm , i always chuckle at this similarity ...
actually , my mom would get caffeine headaches if she did n't drink her daily tea , making her quite irritable sometimes . no alcohol in it , grew up in a dry house . so , it was opposite for me .
there it is .
that 's ignorant .
canadian here , we say ounces , so you have 13 oz , 26 oz and 40 oz . at least in qu bec idk about other provinces now that i think about it .
and then they started privatizing water .
the money to be made in selling snake oil on tv involves much less work for much more money compared to saving lives . it 's why televangelism is also so popular .
it 's the kitty bot when you put sad face but i guess kitty is gone too d: edit : its u thiscatmightcheeryou and now only replies on every 7th sadface
of course they can , they are thiefs ! they even look like thiefs
i never thought he was great . never got all the fuss . now mississippi john hurt that 's a different story .
all of the rolling stones post 1969 are alive and still performing .
a fair chunk of light orthodox jews do the reverse . keep kosher at home , but sometimes frequently go non kosher in public ( for jews , it is more than just the straight food itself , but the plates and kitchen is prepared in ) .
a sad statistic , they both deserve to win .
nice work frenchies ... and thank you .
apparently iran is cool with sex changes though so , some become ladies . edit : isentrope says it better
the only time i went to sydney one of these fuckers stole my sandwich .
r accounting
a raven calling a wolf . that is the most goth thing i 've ever heard in my life .
without this man we probably would never have seen the calculation of 800 men simultaneously getting handjobs by tj miller
but can they see why kids love cinnamon toast crunch ?
it would point even more to cia if they killed him the day after the story broke , or the day before even . this is just a " ok so you broke that story , that means we 'll end your life eventually "
the raccoon is the only mammal with a bone in its penis . and you can use that as a toothpick .
huh
here , supplies
i wish he never heard the tragedy of darth plagueis the wise .
" the air is safe to breath . "
thats why it seems my work days are getting longer and longer ...
a little unrelated but it reminded me of an episode of house of cards i watched recently where the politicians gathered to vote on something but refused and they handcuffed them and carried them into the room . anyone who can explain what happened there ?
but brawndo 's got what plants crave . it 's got electrolytes .
and yet i still get a jump scare when water is so cold i thought it was burning hot when i go to brush my teeth
there 's just no way this is true unless there were somehow no police at all in the city at the time . there 's no way there were no police in many square kilometers around the epicentre of a major city .
unpopular opinion he was a stinker
mmmm buttery male
it 's like ww1 was just a game of risk for the nobility .
because it was cheap .
thanks random acts of rape . you 're a dear , dear friend .
look up your local laborers union . definitely still a thing .
i believe that was flatulence , sir .
i can n't find the phrase " bears and besieged " anywhere in the article . xaxaxa im so funny ! edit : did u too read my previous sentence in a russian accent ?
the record company 's pr and marketing team .
i do n't have a translation , but i believe you 're thinking of momotaro , the peach child . here 's the youtube video where i learned about how original myth and how it was adapted during world war ii .
the man killed it on every single roast . his set was the one you always looked forward to , and they have n't been the same without him . i miss him a lot . one of the best ever .
it 's a deep burn !
he 'll always be sol madrid to me
he is now sitting .
hmm . google says he was 5 ' 7 " . i did n't know they stacked shit that high .
if the test is about monkeys why is there a chimp at the typewriter ?
although 750ml is the technical definition of a fifth ( " one fifth of a gallon " ) , nowadays you 're much more likely to see the term applied to a 250 375 ml bottle that is " flask sized . "
i doubt he ' fathered ' many of them at all .
looks like the russian trolls are awake and spreading misinformation
will n't you smell bad with any major diet change while your body gets use to it ?
something else he funded was blade runner .
i thought crossbows were made illegal for warfare ?
the only russiob proverb is " there are no russian proverbs "
a little late there buddy
it 's the trump effect . no matter what they 're saying they 're still thinking about united . work for him !
i hate to step on any toes here , but i think his foreign policy had room to improve
king of the wild frontier
it 's worth a watch . it 's like if the darker but zany bits of futurama were using the core simpsons family as the launching point for adventure .
nicky hayden just got upset .
wonder how much it would have taken to get brando to appear in the flashback scene . that 's the one minor fault with the film , which would have really just rounded out the entire subplot ( if you can call it that ) of vito 's life .
my god that was officially an ordeal .
you know , if these crazy countries went after criminals like they did dudes that want to do other dudes everyone would win ... no one ever died from a little too much man love .
i 've never met a greek person that would agree their people are hard working , but every greek citizen i 've met is hard working .
when slut shaming could have saved 9 10 of the population .
was n't there also something about it giving you cancer ?
and with this top comment , reddit falls to the caine hackman theory .
jaffa
__url__ __url__
which episode ?
i read somewhere that their cockpits were bolted shut to prevent hesitation . can n't find the source right now .
or a prostitute ?
as a swede i also find it very odd . then again , my prejudice says the us probably serve soda in schools which to me is really messed up .
aaaaah i can n't stop ejaculating
jeffrey dahmer drank beer and was a serial killer . you drink beer so you must be a serial killer too . wonderful logic
i read a lot of scifi growing up too but i always thought it was about elton john 's fame . til
remember , as a general rule , bigotry occurs on both sides of any given hatred .
he made the bloodline proud
foolish . this risks the care your pows are receiving and the information you can get on their status .
it 's not very nuanced . it can be boiled down to " if you care about something you 're a dumbass . the best stance is to be apathetic "
it appears to be phoenix
and that is part of the reason they make such poor pets for unprepared families . they are dedicated hard working dogs , but without a job they do n't do as well .
man , that movie scared me like no other ( besides are you afraid of the dark ) as a little kid .
it still blows my mind that i 've got old shellac 78rpm records from over a hundred years ago . i wish i could know the history of the individual discs .
he was in the audience at a dolly parton concert last year in maine . she introduced him from the stage , sang a chorus of " american pie " and that was that .
i would pour in a gallon of gas , and get a match .
gotta squint
i have been to a few shows where i just was n't convinced that those mics where live ... here is the deal . i go to your show , i have a good time . the less i know , the happier i am . if you do n't rub it in my face , i will n't go looking for it .
nukes are important to protect yourself from the worlds crazies and avarice filled cunts
" wait , if we do n't let the women leave at night how will we woo other men 's wives and get some strange now and again ? " " good point . lets make an exception "
russian hookers on someones hotel bed .
how many years have to go by before you 're no longer allowed to abort the pregnancy ?
let 's go to the mall
this all seems like a conflict of interest . fake news !
island women , defeating the english navy by the power of pussy .
whats the number next to your name
because who gives a shit . they 're billboards .
" many carriers can be used without significant interference with each other , outside of early spring ... the carriers have an intrinsic collision avoidance system , which increases availability . "
a table saison could not only easily replace soft drinks without the use of artificial sweeteners , but introduce a variety of amazing health benefits.they are high in vitamins ( especially of the b variety ) and promote good gut bacteria . source : i make the beer .
its interesting how he says he thought to serve under napoleon , and not be napoleon him self .
and ? those islands are n't large with infinite resources . where is the british government in all this ?
it 's gonna be ok , you can pay for the son 's damages from the girls ' super villain schemes .
he would have made one hell of a pilot ( as long as it was n't a long ez ) ..
3.3 dl or 5dl
is this the same as those little drops that come out when yawning ?
slightly interested to know what your idea of a good tv show is ?
so that 's what to currency is in mount and blade
demons really are quite lame . very limited in power , hurling pathetic insults . i 've seen better trolls on twitter .
plus , let 's be honest . i doubt the cia would be that sloppy . i 'm sure they 've got a multitude of ways of making a suicide look more believable .
every hepburn love in deserves a sabrina shoutout . she 's so warm and charming in everything but sabrina will always be my favorite , sweet and funny but not afraid to be dark at times . it 's just a lovely film .
2.422 miles or 3.898 kilometers , according to napoleon
that fucking vile woman makes my blood boil . i hope her religion is real so she can burn in hell . she actually died on the exact day , month , and year i was born . i could n't be happier .
my favorite .
:(
avoid the noid .
i do n't think anyone can spend as much time with a people as crockett and in good conscience throw them off their own land
so very negative ...
back in 1900 it was much higher than 50 when most power was generated by hydro electric .
always reminds me of this edit . nsfw and spoilers for neon genesis evangelion .
snl did a pretty good skit about this quite a few years ago . __url__ the link is u patsonso 's ...
so like a super sandwich ?
a lot of people say so . the largest number of people ever recorded .
this is insane . some soldiers get killed by a shot in the head on first enemy contact , and he fights for 6 hours with dozens of wounds . just unbelievable .
everything 's coming together now ...
damn that is unfortunate . that movie was very good , and also very frightening ! i never in a million years would dare to try cave diving . it involves two things that scares me senseless , dark water and dark , claustrophobic caves . i would recommend the movie though
you nailed it . this thread is absolutely not in ship shape .
with some fava beans and a fine chianti . fs fs fs fs fs
can you blame them for looking across the border for better opportunities
that 's a lot of on the barbie
( spoiler ) thirteenth floor
i 'd probably go in for an unown lol
i 'll bet they 've gotten a electronic pass by now .
he should never have been released under any circumstances , let alone unsupervised after such a short time . disgusting
iirc the louisiana state flag uses this and you can see three red droplets on the main pelican .
of course . it 's the drop bears you gotta worry about .
to any aspiring creators doubting the " write what you know " method , please read this article lol
white wail .
til marrying a beard is a thing only japanese people do apparently .
jambon aoste
i could just see the guy in charge of counting ... 865 , 866 , 867 , 868 and some jerkoff next to him going 10 , 69 , 52 , 33 , 71 ...
yup , that 's literally the only reason why this was posted . to real that sweet , sweet karma talking about someone who just recently died . happens every time . gotta love reddit .
it 's more valuable to use the milk fat in butter and cheese , which ship better and last longer .
sounds awesome __url__
wait , you mean guile was snorting blow the whole time ?
' til their parts do them death .
that is not what i was expecting not by a long shot .
martinis are like a woman 's breasts : one 's not enough , three 's too many
so the president can pull a palpatine and get emergency powers ? let 's hope there 's not like an order 66 lying around somewhere too
so would the unborn son 's estate still be entitled to royalties , separate from prince 's , from the song ? ( hypothetical debate )
i do n't know why but people in their spacesuits always look hilarious to me . kinda like those bodybuilders whose heads just lose all proportion to the rest of them .
that 's why vr is going to be the new plague ! why go out and have a family when you can just have a virtual one at home . also virtual sex ... did i mention my vr set is amazing ? p
ohio bitches the mother of presidents , astronauts and the barcode
and it was the best only joke in the movie .
oh mr pepsi pr rep ...
somebody tell switzerland ?
there was one in newark nj that just closed or is in the process of closing this year .
me too , even though it 's technically outlook now my address is still hotmail
why do you capitalize like that ?
her severed head was still wearing a hijab so it 's okay .
first , do no harm .
you may remember him from ..
if anything winning a grand prix in a triumph is more impressive . did n't even realise they allowed cars like that in f1 .
and a naval base .
at first i thought you meant " infinitely long " erection rather than " eternal " erection .
there has been a relatively recent trend on r politics of massive copy paste comments with dozens of arguments on every post pertaining to whatever the overall topic of the post is . they 're always highly upvoted and usually mostly wrong or insignificant .
is aaron a unisex name ? i know erin is common for the female version and has the same pronunciation ( at least in american english ) but aaron is n't so i am not sure if my name is unisex or not .
some people regret being born , too .
was this following the births of the first three children , casper , sonny , and alberta ' birdy ' lee ?
til that 's an actual song , not a fake song from family guy
i heard they now pay people in india to use an actual toilet .
wow , in a state where stalin murdered millions , their police force was thorough and took an extremely conservative approach to correctly validating the suspect deserved to be arrested . what a wired world .
so the fat girl i met at the bar ... she was royalty ?
ah , that must be a hate boner then .
its more of a culture thing . marines tend to be meat heads on a much more common basis than army guys tbh .
wtf ... creepy
you can make one so ridiculous that no one will ever be able to meet the requirements . then you do n't even need to have the money to set up the scholarship . you can start it right now . hell while you 're at it make it a full ride .
like the movie the edge ! shows how scary the bears are too . i met anothony hopkins in canmore when i was like 2 years old while they were filming lol
i really want to read them but i can never find them in english speaking countries . do you know if they offer english versions ?
maybe fewer irresponsible people in germany ?
enjoy your prostate cancer
there are loads of " official " laws that got fuck all working for them . like the queen owns all the deers and swans and all that stuff . whats she gonna do if i 'm in the woods , a deer approaches me disney style , and i bash its head in with a rock . nothing
john has a long moustache
lahti s got it next year ! i feel it !
they should have just dressed the other pandas to look like a humans .
that 's edmund kemper for you . always trying to get ahead .
were their radios incapable of communicating with each other ? could they not learn the english for , " i surrender yolo " and keep spamming the radios ?
oh , yes , because washington state is much less confusing .
anyone else get living color 's cult of personality stuck in their head after reading that ?
from an hr perspective i 'd say you should n't hire the best candidate you interviewed just because they were the best if they are n't actually going to be that good at the job .
the floor used to be a lot lower so they had to be .
i got the promotion in name so i was the head of a department that consisted of only myself . 8 months later a got an employee i am responsible for who has a higher base salary than me ...
still alive , too .
well that , and he beats up children ..
dragons ? nah , mh 35e sea dragons .
this was not covered in either ap euro or world , so as an american i can semi confidently say this particular event is n't really talked about at all in american high school .
what 's the point of awakening if i already know how it ends ? poor shaw .
william shatner strikes me as the kind of person that is good at heart , but would be awfully hard to work with , work for , or maintain a relationship on equal terms with . basically a decent guy , but a forceful personality with a strong focus , you know ?
she is the friend in white chicks who thinks she looks fat in a skirt , ( in the dressing rooms ) and grabs her stomach skin and flobs it around while yelling something about looking fat
that 's why you always leave a note
i feel like some of the other things he was prescribed probably helped a lot more ...
it is in most of europe
i bet one of the jobs was at the dmv .
... and you should n't flush it ...
do n't do this
and the 1st season of a series .
that thumbnail looks like jack nicholson making fun of tom cruise 's " f ggy white uniform " in a few good men .
barney did n't sound remotely like elmer fudd . that 's just nonsense . i do agree about the yogi bear angle , sort of . what he really sounded like at times was ed norton from the honeymooners , a direct inspiration for the show .
that 's like how blockbuster had the chance to buy netflix twice but refused , only netflix buried blockbuster 's dick in the ground .
" in the brady era " rofl . i mean if we 're picking out eras , from 1986 1970 the dolphins went 31 3 against the bills .
now i 'm wondering if she was the reason she and bobby brady broke up .
schro dilder 's dingo
no vietnam vet presidents either , but they had 3 losing candidates in a row .
operation trust : soviet union
the wikipedia article 's source is an ama post that jerry seinfeld did a few years ago . here 's the direct link : __url__
during the bosnian war , i was told by someone that lived through it that he could purchase a hand grenade for five dollars and an ak 47 for a chicken . people vastly underestimate the sheer amount of firearms that can be had .
that was recorded 132 fucking years ago . that is wildly awesome .
south park 's iteration of wal mart seems like a relevant reference here .
we know
with a catalytic converter , it would probably be a good design to use in a hybrid that way , it 's only revving at 20k rpm when it 's charging the batteries or actually moving , rather than constantly .
friend , you are crazy !
this movie will be awesome . hopefully it comes out in 2050 and ends with a view of our current world left in a better place by his efforts .
til there are people posting on reddit who were born after claritin d was moved behind the counter ...
in before party a or party b jokes ?
affirmative action
yes , i saw him in a small group event where he presented a movie he was in and he explained his fingernail and i thought the story was awesome . that was a very memorable night . i love penn !
r unexpectedletterkenny
burning witches ( i . e . non conforming women ) was n't that long ago for europe and america . i feel like all societies must be judged on their ability to learn from and correct their mistakes
" jesus actor " is a really weird phrase .
must have been after realizing he 'd lived his whole life an asshole .
great . the only tiny objection is that it 's not true .
what about confederate money ?
i was gonna comment about the illusive man , but laughed when i saw this was top comment
remindme ! round of 32
mix it with pineapple juice to make it taste better .
having been born in michigan but lived most my life in places where it 's called soda . this has been a fun blast of memories . pop and suckers for life
water and hydroperoxyl ?
did it end when someone caught the snitch ?
o biiiitch ! you best get on my level ! o
hardly infamous , shirley temple was universally beloved .
well now i know which grave i need to dig up if i lose everything and have to start over again .
i have an hoa and i do n't have any issues with anyone ... am i the shitty neighbor everyone hates ?
he is the great one
more like the defense budget . nasa is a drop in the bucket in comparison .
wow that 's some racism right there .
players would announce " sh h " when the king was in check . " m t " ( ) is a persian adjective for " at a loss " , " helpless " , or " defeated " . so the king is in mate when he is ambushed , at a loss , helpless , defeated , or abandoned to his fate .
the nevada test site only does subcritical testing and nuclear waste management , there has n't been a nuke detonation there since 1992 . he'da been okay .
that 's exactly why we have the new points system . winning the championship with only one race win does n't sound right at all .
did n't chiquita basically overthrow a communist government to retain their south america properties ?
and we wonder why they took hostages
and thus the long stang feud of 9ers and cowboys was born .
theres drunks in greek myths , every place had stories about drunks . the wikipedia doesnt even say hes the first drunk , lol
african americans exist because one race fucked up
you are not obviously a linux fan
archive footage of her doing just that while mum and dad visit and here she is much later tearing it up in a land rover this is why queen lizzie two is best queen .
man , come on i had a rough night , and i hate the fucking eagles , man .
it 'd be fine . they 're very squishy
that 's it ! you people have stood in my way long enough ! i 'm going to clown college ! edit : this is a simpsons reference .
also to keep colorado from having to touch texas .
meanwhile the uk is restricting visual porn wtf world ! wtf .
i always spell out m a i l , because i 'm hilarious and creepy !
what kind of pms do you get ? food or something stranger ?
i still have a 4 letter handle
i send myself cards sometimes too .. but i 'm lonely
" the other half consider anything but revoking a50 a success " polls probably
newton died a virgin too . but your pathetic gay ass would n't be where you are without him .
as far as horror films go , this one is decent in my opinion . the dialogue seemed pretty spot on , besides the beginning when the guy was talking to himself .
you are now banned from r pyongyang
did you ever hear the tragedy or james garfield ?
he also was not shouting . there were redcoats loyalists everywhere and his mission depended on secrecy . which he screwed up , because he was arrested a few miles in . also by the end there was probably about 40 " riders " that night carrying the warning .
only because he tore up his patent that would have bankrupted george westinghouse , who was the only employer who was fair and never cheated him . westinghouse covered his room and board until he died .
now that 's what i call gettin ' lit
fortunately it 's almost never 30c in toronto . hell , it rarely gets below 20c most winters , and even then only a handful of times . 2013 14 was pretty cold though , and the winter after was pretty chilly too .
the finale happened
got that nazi swag !
there is no way . i can eat about 5 oreos ( and they 're fucking delicious ) , and then my brain just starts to despise oreos . i cannot stand them anymore .
according to director ruggerio deodato , cannibal holocaust is the best cannibal movie ever made . " i should know " deodato added " i directed all of the cannibal movies . " deodato also did a cameo as " the cannibal " in hostel ii .
how is it that not one realized that the track listing didnt contain a single beatles song ?
ive never even seen a dog in germany ! i 've also never been to germany .
i did . if my windows 95 could handle quake , it could handle a floppy .
heh my friends from grande prairie alberta all left to work on bg . it was pretty much the entire computer science class that year off to join these cool doctors at bioware ( whatever that was heh )
loved that game . it 's what got me hooked on pc gaming and rpgs . at some point i received a castle and my brother did n't . he was super disappointed ... this concept that totally different things could happen blew my mind .
it 's hard to compile an exhaustive list , because there are so many examples . some games had chips for video effects , others had sound chips , battery backups , etc ...
relevant simpsons clip
that 's why you always want a piece of the gross .
hope it 's not missing
it is n't that mystifying that youth would be idealized by some , versus what people consider to be over the hill in terms of physical activity later in life .
but then we 'd have the remen colosseum , home of vicious gay orgies , sometimes to the death .
thank god . die hard iii is one of my favorite action movies .
and a secret illuminati train station under the secret illuminati base under the airport .
yeah , but they " did it for irwin . die you bloody cunts . take yer stinger up yer own arse ! " at least that 's how i imagined it went down .
yessssssss hornberger !
fewer
blackantum mechanijacks . a very important field in the future .
is this the record ?
based on the thumbnail maybe they should test weird al .
i had an acid trip where i passed out and went through an out of body experience where i experienced death and what happens after . i 'm definitely much less afraid of death now . the only thing that scares me about it now is leaving the people i love behind on this earth .
does this game even need a video walkthrough ?
damn thats cheap i spend 200 for cable 50mb internet with a 100gb cap
what true american patriot has n't been in this situation ?
slash is also technically part of the " 27 club . " his infamous overdose in a san francisco hotel where he was dead for several minutes took place at the age of 27 .
or he has , but he 's been in the navy longer than the guy who has n't .
baiting for what ? i discussion about how shitty hitler was ?
i knew this would be a top comment .
they 're doing ok in vermont .
redknapp
you 're so may june .
yeah , i went to england a few years ago , and everyone had chips . one kid at a market at the register thought my card was super advanced because i was american and it did n't have a chip .
when the thaler in the box rings , the tortured soul from pergatory springs .
why tho ?
never been won by an english manager ? ? wow they 're quite an incapable bunch are n't they .
the point got hammered home when the ship came apart .
how did n't you believe him ? it was on worldnews , news , marvel front page since this morning ? p . s , not trying to be a jackass , just attempting at humour , i hear it 's something u huumans do
" god had gagarin die in a plane crash . there 's no more gagarin . "
season 5 was n't that bad . you can n't end a show with rita 's death and it showed how dexter was continuing without her as a single father . the rest was trash .
i love the specific about it being 1997 ..
not in all of canada but i did just learn why i get 3 tries on one payment for the claw machine :)
the hacker four chan ?
el yucateco black label reserve ! once you go black ...
thanks for clarifying things michael ! all the best in your endeavors
and then he chomped down a cherry tree .
sheonadietwhileherpocketseatincheesecake
explains why he was so quick to react and was able to get out so quick when the fire started .
as a hypochondriac now i have something new to worry about . one reason i never watched house md .
if you have n't played 2nd edition dnd then you should n't play it . no where in the game do they explain it 's rules
is n't it actually a lou reed album with metallica as a " backing act " ?
there is no nope for the melons .
! zziw eseehc stae natas
there 's some great saying that academic battles are the most vicious because the stakes are so low .
sticky icky jimsomweed
i was thinking about getting a new cartridge for my old delta faucet , went to home depot , and there was a faucet for 35 bucks . sold . to be fair its a piece of shit , but it looks way less beat up than the old one . for now .
the beauty of it is that sturges is still on ir so we can pay him for the end of the year and try this new guy out and decide in camp .
open the country . stop having it be closed
flogging molly does this too
they should have named hitler " man of the century . "
they totally fucked , and beatty was shagging everything that move d too , so he can stfu .
so there is some corner of another world that is forever mankind .
yeah ! fuck those guys !
i read the books as a kid . i could never bring myself to kill drizzt .
it 's the hobo way . apple pie !
get off my lawn !
i think my boss has it .
and why helga in the hey arnold ! movie went by " deep throat ... " not quite as original
imagine having to fit all of that on the wrapper lol
snoops done it all . was just listening to some willie nelson on spotify and suddenly snoop is singing a straight up country verse on the song .
so they let off the only living accomplice in exchange for cooperating ... to do what ?
or a show . i like tv very much these days
i suppose 20,000 leagues under is a bit difficult to fathom .
it was not majorly distressed , my wasband quitclaimed his interest in the house to me as part of our divorce settlement . i bought it for 110k in 2001 and have been here ever since .
" break the house down " is a really weird phrase .
nevermore
it 's actually " hanged " when you mean the past tense of an execution . the two are similar but distinct verbs .
lots of circles here : __url__
well , that 's certainly one way to solve the chafing problem of fitted dresses .
jesus christ
i hear that amazon is thinking of doing this for their same day delivery option , it only cost 14.99 for prime members .
i wonder if anyone has all the recordings digitalized on the internet somewhere ? fraud or not , this guy claims he made it perfect and these experts all say it was beautiful . i wanna hear it !
a true canadian . lol
another failed affirmative action program .
today , justice was silent .
it makes me feel terribly old that faramir is the dad in iron fist .
lol ... this submission will be conveniently ignored .
what the fuck
the pirates are to blame
could super advanced intelligent life interfere with this process ?
bill murray
but for how long is the real question with spectrum
couldnt imagine hunting a bear without a firearm ... scratch that , i still can n't imagine hunting a bear with something under 45 70 .
haters gonna hate .
if y'all find this interesting you should check out a book called ' the spear ' by louis de wohl . one of my favorite books !
r hailcorporate
wait how do i view this reddit ?
they should make them get kentucky 's old plates as punishment .
why specifically 1209 ? why not start at 1200 ?
i fookd that skyrim cave bear tho ez .
them peeps have the great anthem .
i 've got one in my closet for my daughter to practice with .
last name later .
listen , you want to shell hop or not ? the sherman is designed this way for maximum lift .
what exactly does " drawn and quartered " mean ?
big pharma
holy ball 's of fire that was good .
that world of warcraft reference tho )
finally , someone sets the record straight .
what about elephants ?
yup . and it was awesome
no anesthesia ? that takes balls boob s
as solid a theory story as any other religion
b c it 's what jesus would have wanted
is n't 1 mile equal to 1.6 km ? ( and therefore 1mph 1.6 kph ? )
i bet a nice mahogany boar spear or two could do the job .
so intense great share
i think i was a thief who was hanged .
math fail for you and over a thousand other people . america has 5 of the world 's population . if you are claiming that the only reason for the disparity is capture rate , then we 'd be talking a capture rate of 15 times all the rest of the world . i 'm honestly dubious ...
every year they try to recreate that beanie baby level craze . i know supply and demand existed since forever , but i think beanies changed retail junk toy pushing .
wonder about the toll it took on her life , though
not true , alabama is doing just fine
soft move or boss move ? boss move
til santa and his sleigh are made out of uv light ..
wanna hear my michael caine impression ? ' ello , my name is michael caine .
nobody major from the hair metal days has died which is pretty crazy . even sebastian bach is still alive .
i call bullshit
i 'm looking for an english major as well . i need a latte .
not enough ram to sim everyone at once , so half have to sleep .
also with a dream of potential truckload of money .
they 're just alternative facts .
i still use my hotmail account .
and wolves
one piece is was pretty big , or atleast the manga used to be pretty popular here in norway . beyond that , not really .
these classic disney characters are very popular in europe in general . lots of comic books with mickey , goofy , donald , scrooge etc . most kids read the monthly issues , while in the us , mickey is little more than a logo nowadays .
i 've lived in the marquette area for 13 years , still awe inspiring every time i 'm on the lake .
it 's an old time euphemism for delirium tremens . dts can kill you .
you know how many times they had to calculate the outcome of that joke ? that might be one of the most mathematically on point jokes of all time , it permeated a population .
ellen will do that to a person ...
damn she has a great pc build .
moody fucking blues . for god 's sake they waited until chris squire died before they put yes in . who has to die in the moody blues for them to get a nod .
i prefer people avoiding eye contact than people staring at me ...
no .
what kind of a world view do you have ? that it 's usa in the middle and the rest are banana republics ?
i remember the business building . i spent most of my time studying gis and nrem . i graduated in 92 .
i 've met multiple men exactly like that . they get promoted for being " assertive go getters who do n't take any shit " . hmmmm .
itt : people who cannot distinguish between " disagrees with me " from " bad " .
there 's a jewish chinese restaurant in la called genghis cohen . the foods pretty good .
so shoes and bacon , those are still good reasons right ?
fun fact : germans are crazy about donald duck too but here the comic books are called " stinkende blutende schleimfotze " which translates to " funny stupid chicken " .
" but steve jobs came up with every single innovative idea ever for smart phones ! ! ! "
now you need carats .
see rule of acquisition 76 .
so honey mustard eternal life ?
it makes you phlegmy
like swastika is an ancient religious symbol and any other association is just wrong ? my point is that if the symbol is widely adopted and recognized as a symbol for medicine then it is a symbol for medicine .
do n't forget about the music he made with oysterhead , featuring trey anatasio of phish and les claypool of primus
my grandfather was a very racist man and would not drink pepsi because " they have n s in their commercials . " he wouldnt eat at mcdonalds for the same reason . he was not a nice man .
my volt has this ! there 's a button on the end of the turn indicator that makes a quick series of short beeps rather than a long horn
why was a south american country ever given so much influence ?
your dog is a bitch .
i feel like it 's saying that if you have a skill you should develop it or someone less skilled than you will end up in that position and will n't be able to perform anywhere near as good as you . peepel wil dies if you are laze
i dont think i have seen a video that better describes my marrage .
megatron was way cooler then optimas that 's wht .
arsonists rejoice .
you can use it to describe spending a lot of money on something flashy too .
now we all know trumps reddit user name .
elk are not mooses ... meeses . your topic title is misleading .
i dont know about you but that man 's nose is huge he 's the sarah jessica parker of male celebrities
more duck boobs ( even more ... )
maybe this explains the deccan traps . they took place at the same time as the chicxulub asteroid strike .
i was going to say they 're not all weird but you said psychedelic
it 's crazy how far away slavery and all of that stuff seems from now . my great great grandfather was born a slave , my great grandfather grew up during jim crow ( and fought in wwii ) , and my grandfather went to segregated schools .
everything is a legitimate science until you figure out it is n't .
oh christ i forgot about that movie .. i remember thoroughly enjoying it . he gives one of my favorite performances by any actor in " adaptation " too .
the latter . it 's the archetypical " badass and masculine " dog , so you could figure out what kind of people flock to them , and how they 're treated .
it 's been 12 minutes hope he is doing well
headcanon : tim was a direct descendent of eleanor bartlet .
is this only the case for saltwater crocodiles ? can i try this on an alligator too ?
no , but they packed fudge .
let 's see him do a funny parody of an israeli coming to the us , with every single jewish stereotype thrown in ( which we know are not true at all ) . all in the name of comedy and poking fun . would n't we all love to watch that ?
another one bites the dust ..
do n't be silly , i 'm still gunna send it
one episode was just them waiting to get a table at a chinese restaurant .
gonna get downvoted to oblivion for this unpopular opinion : murder and rape are bad
we have . america , however , is still working on it
hey kids , do n't do as i do just do as i say . because that works s
this is an awesome movie !
sounds like the kind of thing you say to be polite , never thinking somebody would take it literally .
if by banana companies you mean a cia sponsored coup then yeah , that happened .
google street view has the house blurred out .
took me a lot of years to actually sit down and watch it myself . when i finally did , i pretty much marathoned all of it .
which is weird that they did n't know that , since spunk has been slang fro semen since i was in high school back in the 80 ' s .
this is also why hackers have little to no leverage over hbo when they threaten to release episodes early .
from what i hear it 's similar being green .
correcthorsebatterystaple
great writer , great story
yeah . i had to buy unlimited data . figured it was easier for me than killing a teenager . it gets easier . especially if you ever hear the sweet , sweet words " you were right " when they grow up ,
proof ?
there 's only three currently running .
til op has never watched superbad .
but as far as these explorers were concerned they were the last 8 . this " dominion over nature " mentality that those european explorers 1400 1900 had really sucked .
oh we fucked that one
tangerine
jeez i wish more people were idiots . at least when they try to conversate with me or make entertainment .
oj did it
cheaper cataract lenses , yes . newer ones absorb uv .
tang is just about the most popular drink here in mexico , and comes in dozens of flavors , including mango , and tamarind . my favorite is peach
25 on finland . nfc o is a godsend it makes paying so much faster .
i 'm all for switching most of the worlds military complex from making war machines to making space ships and colonizing mars . i think a lot of humanities problems would be solved with this .
interesting . makes me think about that movie silence
i just bought 1 2 from steam . my youth shall return for a little while at least ! thanks for mentioning it !
oh my god , that 's so good . i love that reference , chaos .
but now china has a massive elderly population and a small workers age population . it 's causing so many problems because the small working population is n't able to support the elderly population and it 's only getting worse .
there 's no water in the desert .
what ? over ? did you say over ? nothing is over until we decide it is ! was it over when the germans bombed pearl harbor ? hell no ! germans ? forget it , he 's rolling blutarsky
cnn : america should accept the plague to solve global warming .
the thing about science is that it does n't matter if something seems absurd , it only matters if it falsifiable and tested . schrodinger 's feelings about his science do n't matter .
my guess is approximately 1,560 ft . assuming 20 ft . from one level floor plate to the next .
i prefer the start of antz , my god i loved that war scene
bana .. bananana ... damn !
sorry . not etchings . they are engravings , but not into wood . they are mostly likely engraved in copper . edit : that related article below is a perfect resource for understanding it .
this makes me feel old .
not as good but i would like to see what billy bob thornton or kevin spacey would ahave sounded like .
meta as hell
should have filled them with money .
they just followed the south park method . they took all their homeless to california .
is cheese good for you ? at all ?
pancreatic cancer , pancreatic cancer ! you 're not looking at the big picture
fight milk ! caw
death ? that a lot less work , outta give it a try .
the fact that mammoths are extinct actually makes me pretty sad when i think about it . such an amazing animal !
can confirm . am redhead . dentist has to practically numb my entire face . had a squamous carcinoma removed from my arm and the surgeon was surprised at how much more he had to give me .
i must be missing something ... from the looks of their map layout you would just drive past the space and back in with the angle of the wall ? does n't seem difficult . should i mention i 'm a woman ? ...
" il voulait tre c sar , il ne fut que pomp e "
ow oof ouch my bones
this guy sounds like a nightmare to serve under .
keith richards and mick jagger are strictly professional
__url__
detroit what ! ! !
that why i always put my heroin into an epipen .
is the restriction that you can n't use electricity on the sabbath ? because if so , it seems counter productive to have elevators running non stop , because it would use more electricity than if they were running as needed .
a lot of these guys are just itching to rescind the 15th .
how ever many , i am streets ahead of it .
what 's the difference
and look where we are today now excuse me , i 'm going to go to starbucks and fuck some hookers .
but you better study to be an architect .
i stayed at the resort where the goat is kept a few months ago . it 's a beautiful place .
a great podcast on him can be found here
yeah i 'm the suckboy you 're looking for .
i wonder how jesus feels about black friday ...
you gotta admit , god was pretty thorough to have put that into the bible .
he probably just hates the fucking eagles , man .
that was some quick thinking , stoner zoo employee
i believe it was shut down by mauritania 's government beforehand .
i saw it when i was eight , and i can assure you it was super fucking mega awesome . i do n't know how it holds up though . i mean , at the time it was one of 5 super hero movies that existed , so no matter what it was in the top five .
there seems to be no source for this
you 're allowed to put anything on billboards ?
i do n't know anything about this situation , and i 'm not a business owner . serious question : why continue to sell through a channel that is n't profitable ? if selling through walmart is basically giving away your product , why not just find another avenue ?
most dogs do not stay there for years . in my experience only very troubled dogs stay there for so long . trained or trainable dogs without major aggression are usually out within weeks .
listen here you little shit
third and somewhat controversial national security ? i see people complaining about nothing being done about terrorist attacks , but if they knew how many plots the national security and government killed off they 'd be surprised .
a former phantom aviator told me the phantom was an experiment in whether you could make a brick fly if you put a large enough engine on it . not sure exactly what he meant but i suspect more effort was put into designing the engine than the plane .
this is a good example of this saying
do n't laugh it was a coveted duty gig at court . when access to the monarch was sought after , many would gleefully taken a position that entailed a great deal of face time with the king .
trust me , anyone that fishes knows that this is common regardless of who 's just died . people catch a stingray thinking it 's a big fish , then mutilate it out of spite for wasting their time .
ironically , the cherry tree story is actually a lie from a pseudo biographer
and the ones that do n't leave before you wake burrow really deep , so you do n't feel them .
they were rolled out last year . there are still a few companies where the strip is allowed but they 're on a time limit .
wait , if she were a fishwife would n't her fish baby would be legitimate ?
seeds , the trees are talking too : o
well there was the attack on the french navy at mers el kebir but still ... ungrateful . __url__
imagine being so good that the navy is your smurf account .
nice , i wonder if that 's what 's behind all those spontaneus combustion reports .
does anyone else think having different names for different groups of animals is stupid ? let 's just call everything " a group of " or " a herd of " and be done with it .
toxicity holds the game development
modern tv has n't even adapted for this . so many plots in shows written today would be immediately solved with a 30 second phone call .
there 's always money in the banana republic
the cast commentary is bloody brilliant .
2 3 days friend
it 's all soup . liquid is not the only part of a soup , but it is a defining quality .
they lose me everywhere . the republicans have tripled the deficit with their massive tax cuts and spending increases .
and then he taught lyndon b . johnson his secrets ?
gets
he should have told them to give him a fully loaded machine gun .
can someone explain why there was a massive controversy about the current emperor trying to abdicate ? it seemed like it was n't even legally possible , hence the need for a new law as linked in another comment . was this just since the prussian influences in the 1870s ?
eh . fuckit . have an upvote . to che .
dying needlessly because you clinch to ballooney science , while you are the ceo of one of the most famous technological company in history .
my daughter says the milk at her school tastes bad . she refuses to drink the milk offered with lunch .
why not just live in a home without shelves and stuff ? seems like this tragedy could have been avoided .
outstanding hotpot , though
should drawn them bigger then i guess .
without the double blind study , you 're making baseless claims . just like the astrologists . providing ecidence is the difference between facts and bullshit . it does n't matter which side you 're on , if you do n't have evidence then you 're full of shit .
do mcdonald 's own all properties of all restaurants franchises in all countries they are located ? personally i doubt that and would think it globally would be bad business to do so .
most really high end michelin rated restaurants employ around as many people in the kitchen as people can sit in the dining room . if there was another way , these guys would do it , but it takes that many people to run a restaurant like this unfortunately .
no it would n't .
we have all flaws . nikola tesla died dirt poor and died alone .
someone gave him reddit gold lol
makes me wonder if this is partially to blame . __url__
long life online , short life on screen .
i " ve never heard this before . we just call it summer .
first floor first century i 'm guessing it 's similar thinking .
like a meathead that skips leg day ...
i need a link to this .
seward 's folly it was called . the purchase was unpopular with americans also .
i 've been on this sub for awhile now and do n't plan on leaving anytime soon
we 'd need a vetinari to make it work , but no one is that on the ball .
why do shitty websites insist on hosting images on their shitty website ?
i want to upvote this a hundred times ! 38 here as well . loved that game !
she was a thief , you would n't believe , she stole my heart and my cat .
estonian i am , hrm . it 's about time you learnt , the way i speak , yes .
til federer and murray never played each other on clay .
... levar burton ?
thanks for the tip , just ordered that book .
not if germany takes alsace lorraine back
he 's the cook . he 's the man who killed gus fring .
molotov is such a great band
does having small moobs count ?
i 've actually turned down a management role because i do n't want the responsibility of managing people . the extra 10k year is n't worth the extra stress to me .
to be fair , jews were pretty light back then .
i tried this once and could n't remember how i phrased it and almost lost my yahoo account .
dare me to drive ?
handlebar mustachio guys still ride them . some cool pics too .
why do people hate it ?
bugs life is significantly better , saw them both as adults . ants is kind of ass .
twins
i hope she gets better soon .
obvious troll is obvious
as a father of two girls , do n't have girls
good ol ' fondle sac , wi
sack lunch though ...
took quite a long time to add gravy and cheese to it .
good way to dispose of bodies pigs are
saw a whole new batch of " emergency housing " headed down i 75 yesterday while returning home . i think i 'd rather live in a tent without air conditioning here in the south than trust those things .
ah yes , inscribed with the insignia of the royal court : " swingline "
randomly chose to look at comments . found my next audio book . thank you .
the dinos do n't look great in the daylight ( specifically the braciosaurus in the park ) , but the rainy night scenes cover most imperfections of the 20 year old technology . it 's still incredible
too bad for a number 2 driver . s
last
til : the mutants have been among us for a long time .
her mother was a real piece of work .
when he was mayor of st petersburg , vladimir putin visited dc and drank at kelly 's irish times on f street .
by leaving only one , you just increase its value exponentially
where is it ?
they damaged more ships that were n't sunk . the uss bunker hill a large carrier was hit by one and she did n't sink , but hundreds of her crew were killed and so badly damaged she was in port for repairs for the rest of the war .
he evaded the secret service and managed to make it out of the whitehouse and it 's grounds whilst in his underwear . someone shat a brick that night .
no kidding , that 's got to be the ultimate reason to feel shitty about not getting a job .
either oliver or eastwood ( or maybe both ) made a practice of alternating films that paid well ( and were often crap ) with good films that maintained their reputations . i think de niro is trying to do the same thing .
oooooooooooooohhhh
congocongoer
valentina extra hot best hot sauce
and it 's hard to hold a candle , in the cold november rain
i agree with you . i did n't like his character at all .
that sounds like one of those shitty super powers . " you have the power of the exploding penis , but you must use it wisely , for you only get to use it once ... "
to add to the legend , the author of one of the projects ( a confederacy of dunces ) killed himself before the book was published .
lmao how motherfucking stupid are you ?
this is an official donation link from the nps website . i donated 5 , hopefully , the u . s . is better because of it . __url__
ayeka meant god was seeking adam . just as he is now seeking you . although you are dead in sin he seeks sinners who will see that truth and repent .
not what i was expecting ...
this is because russia is being plundered by its ruling class . the government exists for little more than military might to back its oligarchs , and they maintain the real wealth .
last spoken words of thomas basker was , " it 's high noon " .
boycott shampoo ! demand the real poo !
heh . major pumping required .
" or anything below the atomic scale "
honestly ? we could probably share the planet with a cephalopod better than pretty much any other ' uplift ' candidate .
our version was " mrs molly had a dolly but its head popped off " where you would flick the head off the dandelion with your thumbnail . edit : uk yorkshire if that 's of any interest .
yup ! human chorionic gonadotropin ( hcg ) is a hormone generated by the placenta in humans that is the active component that induce frogs to lay eggs . biologists who work on xenopus inject hcg to xenopus females to induce them to lay eggs for further experiments .
something something , teenyverse
not guilty , man .
black bears , that are best , love beets ?
not sure if i believe this . dave chappelle would 've been 20 when forrest gump was filmed . 16 years younger than mykelti williamson .
i 've never heard of " spunk kid . "
look at mr . rich over here ..
all those long tracking shots came at a high price .
there is n't any because the dude just put it in his book and people believed it
that 's so warren .
we prefer " arms " . squid have those lame ass tentacles .
man paid by company to make movie defends company who paid him to make movie .
tuk r kuntry bak
just had to chase that rascal around .
boo .
we were doing pretty good not ordering pizza not more than once a month . then on a whim i learned how to make my own from scratch but they do n't have any weird additives at least !
i 'm still waiting for satan 's alley .
" my only regret ... is that i have ... boneitis ! "
youtube was disappointing . just sounds like an angry hiss :
why did they have a record for the mexican hat dance on hand ?
damn , bowie is a good singer .
the most i 've had is 17 12oz in 9hrs and it fucked me up good ( and i had food during ) . it 's more possible than you think , especially if your " session " is long .
america fuck yeah !
__url__ someone did n't give her the memo
big deal . washington just means 2000 pounds of washing .
michael ?
i believe mel gibsons character in " we were soldiers " also had a policy that at every stop you were to inspect the soldiers feet to your right and left to help him identify any sores .
not only was hitler awful for killing the jews but he was ( probably ) insufferable being a vegan
maybe ?
as told by mike tyson
could never get human babies to do that . what a bunch of pussies
rommel and a few other generals ? sure . hitler ? no . his tactical decisions and mistreatment of his generals led to their loss . historians know this .
greatest drum fill ever in this song . can n't tell you how often i would listen to this song and brood while smoking out the window of my bedroom as a teenager . was such an edge lord back then .
in spirit , probably but they will n't be issued a baptismal certificate .
found a video of the test group ...
wait , putin was not president at some point ?
i can n't believe it 's been 3 years since robin william 's death . it seems like yesterday . rip .
the layers of comedy entwined with science ( all fields ) is what makes this show amazing .
no patrol boats or anything destroyed during the iraq war or gulf war ? that 's surprising .
think of the building as life . you enter this life ( you enter the building ground floor ) you live 12 months ( you walk up 12 steps ) you are now 1 ( you are now on the 1st floor )
i was just watching lock stock 2 smoken barrels with some friends and i told them this
to be fair : dolphins are the assholes of the sea ... they do a lot of shit like that ( collectively chewing pufferfishes to get high and so on )
do you know what they call a quarter pounder in france ?
sales would increase though i want some sexodin
well yeah , if the house alone cost 125,000 to build you 'd hope the value of the land house would be greater .
in 2007 2008 the warriors missed the playoffs with 48 wins . the hawks made it with 37 wins .
with a republican president and a republican congress , basically nothing because they will n't touch anything regarding the 2nd amendment .
til raccoons are smarter than me .
' ' who are all these people , we need a new plague " __url__
diogenes was pretty metal tbh . click for video
my dad has both cardiomyopathy and a defibrillator and he said at a concert once he genuinely felt his thing was going to go off because of the bass from the band . i can only imagine what it is like to actually be on the stage .
this could have been a cool assassin 's creed dlc storyline .
drives me nuts that so many people do n't realize this when asking me the " is she hot ? " question .
no , big children . it was very clear .
he also though homeopathic treatments could cure his cancer . he ended up dying from it because it went untreated . just because someone is a genius in one part of his life , does n't make him a genius on the other parts of his life .
lol , came here to see this . it really is a weak ( and predictable ) excuse . most oecd countries have excellent police forces , and the ussr is not a very relevant comparison to give .
so that 's why fig newtons buzz .
and then they were used in a movie where a person cut his hand in a coelacanth 's mouth and turned into a neanderthal .
they got way into hamilton
eustace ?
tourioise ama request ?
used to live semi close to here , funny because 30 40 miles away is some of the richest ass neighborhoods around
a catholic can baptize someone " in an emergency " . yeah , it 's pretty baffling .
aww gee now that is rocket surgery .
more importantly , if i eat kangaroo meat am i eating every fart ever generated by the animal ? will all those farts come shooting out of me at once ?
just steal the pineapple and plant it ?
he was a puppet installed by the us to allow the oligarchs to strip the country of its assets . this set the stage for putin to take power .
there is an episode of drunk history about this .
i think these are pranksters working behind the scenes . it 's too difficult to believe that instead of easily downloading the real national anthem from official sources or even , heck , youtube , the spoof version which is rarer would be the one used .
i 'd like to think i 'd be this creative if i was ballin .
if that fart wants out it will get out .
you know , i 've heard about this a few times and in still not sure how they manage to wrap an eel around their knob without hands . how the shit does that work out ?
whereas one fig newton exerts 0.15 n
50 of marriages end in divorce . a coin toss . finding a wife is hard . this is as good a way as any .
matches in the gas tank , boom boom !
prince of persia did this as well
i hope this comes in use during cleganebowl .
rimshot
seconded . i really enjoyed that book , but have n't come across many others who have read it . for those who have n't read it , it goes through history from that time until the near future following a group of people who are reincarnated but stay in each others ' lives .
golden state warriors blew a 3 1 lead
and now it 's time for true facts about the duck
and definitely do n't accidentally listen to this old school death metal song about him
are you a friend of alice ?
so it does n't mean wireless fidelity ?
sd the d is short for denarias , which comes from the roman system __url__
pete 's enthusiasm despite only getting 12 cents per mile is fantastic .
i 'm confused , it says rihanna has sold the most units ?
could n't be much prouder of this fact , because without it , i would n't be here . multiculturalism is a beautiful thing . we must not fall into ignorance and destroy this ideal and let corporations exploit this amazing thing . let 's work together to make this place even better .
not only that . it 's the perfect action , adventure , thriller with a dash of comedy and wit . with the dawn of the 21st century science and the ethical ideology that will face the 21st century thrown in . it 's my perfect film and spielberg directed it .
go to r prequelmemes for a surprise to be sure , but a welcome one .
for some odd reasons , i was utterly convinced that henry wrinkler is alice cooper without makeup .
in the german version of adventure time , princess bubblegum occasionally speaks turkish instead of german
it 's more interesting how few dialects there are in such a big nation as america
pretty much because china does n't have any meaningful way of sanctioning the vatican .
socrates had a good view on death
i wear them indoors
tough draw for united .
this post really needs some more context , especially if you do n't know who the washington generals are . after reading the wiki , i understand much more now .
do n't they still have the death penalty , too ?
a lot of people have seen this short by disney but do n't realize that it was based on him and his wife !
it was the polish who got it first
ocean fleshlights
sorry , i do n't get it . can someone explain ?
they did n't need to close heathrow for safety reasons , it was just because a manager said " we 'll close heathrow when pigs fly , " and you gotta listen to your manager ...
in greek
that helps when you own the literal breadbasket of the mediterranean
old news , bud .
i 'm in france
that 's horrifying
i 'm usually right handed but i play pool left handed . trying to work on getting both hands balanced .
and black people in canada are called african canadians .
i just made 5 pounds and preserved it yesterday . so easy . so good .
still have the original 6 in packaging and 16 years later they 're still worth the same amount . there was that many produced .
actually i think strangely enough mj would 've enjoyed the special , cash grab or not .
most people use it with no problems . sure it is n't perfect , but it has it uses .
wow octopuses are so intelligent they only need 5 years to stip being able to cope with this sh t
it 's kind of like a participation trophy , and those only really work if everyone gets one . if you give a participation trophy to the losers , but the winner still gets a big cup , it kinda defeats the purpose .
39 2 7 26.5 ! !
nah you never want it over 160u l .
you 've never seen the social network ? !
you 're literally making the exact same point . word for word
jackie . little loud girls name was jackie
what article ?
i find her attractive . she was probably even hotter without implants in her butt and boobs
i would say more of a communist than a progressive . in communism , we don t discriminate on who we kill .
probably because they can n't speak and they 're delicious .
do n't worry love the cavalry is ' ere !
also , trey has a sister named shelly
i 've always wanted to go there .
sig did the work for you , texas __url__
he probably thinks they might be related . if the kim family thinks of themselves as gods , and clapton is god ...
i 'm really happy to know that weekly world news is still fighting the good fight in the online era !
oh so close ! al gore will be super cereal even more so !
what do you use ? your hands ? !
samwell ' mired cook hard .
damn you were born a grown ass man
count on the japanese to come out that much higher than the quota .
hmmm ... is magnesium also named after this place ?
but rubbing the left one is just perverted
you know , most internet comments are cancer . youtube is the worst . reddit is a little better with the upvote system , but yeah . judging anything by internet comments is pretty retarded .
well they still killed seven so i 'd definitely say harming and fouling accured .
i 'm sure it will be patched in the next windows update .
" i immediately regret this decision ! "
well he could of still directed , just not write the scripts
yes , it is one of the two most solid ancient prototypes of tyranny ( the other being pharaonic egypt ) .
i have n't been in years . it used to be fun and all about the pissing and tree fires , but somewhere around ' 09 it got all political and just lost all its luster .
of those names , how many did it in their rookie season ? how many did it by their third game ? how many were previously picked from a practice squad ? how many did it in their home opener ?
i like palmer 's song more . for anyone who has n't heard it and is too lazy to type
germany 's holdings in the far east had largely been stripped away after wwi , so i doubt they would have had an issue with a relatively compliant ally in control as opposed to the hegemony of their western rivals .
the psyops commander .
look up what swanky is . thats about as close i 've made authentic beer .
i doubt the insurance company will cover that actually . it was an intentional act . could have even been considered terrorism which is a very common exclusion .
in first grade we picked dandelions then made dandelion omelets . one of the 3 things i remember from first grade .
r titlegore
that takes mining for gold to a hole nother level .
i feel like i have ptsd growing up where i did for so long
where were you when the winchesters were fighting demons on the surface ?
unless i 'm misunderstanding the citation . it seems he actually had a k d of 26 , what a beast .
he 's ink orrigible .
i do n't think this is true . a friend of mine wanted to bring tedx to our university and had to get approval and sign contracts with ted . perhaps maybe the content is n't regulated .
holy shit i was wondering what happened to sallie mae when i noticed their massive office building in my home town is now owned by navient .
lowes founded in 1946 . maybe they did n't get big until home depot came around in 1978 and showed them how it 's done . hd may be the best performing stock of all stocks , since 1982 .
dude did a hot ones episode a few months ago and was sweating like he ran a marathon . entertaining episode .
i like how the only people this would offend are other religious nutters . like , i do n't care if a mormon baptizes me . it 's no different from a shaman doing a dance and blessing me . actually , the shaman seems more fun .
dam !
til the knicks were originally called the knickerbockers
this . water . ai n't . freeee .
what about icewind dale ?
only a big deal in hollywood .
tel aviv has beaches , warmish all year round and you can get there on easyjet from stansted for 110 , it would be a wicked away trip . the hardest part would be spending 5 hours on easyjet with only a stupid picture of a croissant for inseat entertainment .
you can still see some of the links on the west point tour ( or go to the long pond iron works state in ringwood west milford to see where they were forged )
historically speaking democracies have a pretty bad track record .
gta level economics !
she 's only 34
from the wikipedia article : " there were even fairy tales for little children that promoted the kamikaze . " anyone know of an english translation ?
rules of dating : 1 ) be attractive . 2 ) do n't be unattractive .
and they were probably white
loved him in psych
i do n't get this . let 's say they won 100 gold medals . are they giving away 100 big macs for free to the first 100 people ? or 100 big macs to each person who comes ? how does the " each " medal part of it work ?
the origins of breakfast cereals is a surprisingly bizarre one .
if the mothers didnt die laying their eggs this would be a different planet .
that is how the beatles learn love me do in german .
it 's like i 'm talking to my aunt silvia here .
growing up i did n't like scooby doo at all . i always thought every episode was the exact same and grew tired of watching it all together . i loved scrappy though because he was n't a scared dweeb .
yeah , but having a kidney on each shoulder , one with horns and the other with wings and a halo , just does n't have the same reaction , y'know ?
it 's based on a short story by ray bradbury .
with bonus cancer ! buy today !
i mean , the elephant was kind of an asshole if i remember correctly .
i like how the ad for this video was crab legs being broken in half at red lobster .
lake superior has 10 of all the fresh water in the world .
see the game called planetary annihilation .
wait , what ? did he actually get the organ or just attempt to ?
maybe he would n't have been so obsessed if he had just gotten laid .
trying too hard
r therewasanattempt
lord of war is fucking awesome . i do n't really get all the hate for nic cage , to be honest . i have n't seen him in a lot of movies , so i guess he could be doing a lot of shit , but you 'd think the good stuff he 's been in would at least kind of make up for it .
where 's mr . hands when you need him ?
george : i was just blowin ' off a little steam . so what ? jerry : so what ? you 're entitled . george : i 'm emotional . jerry : that 's right . you 're emotional .
how many days ?
reasonable response right there
someone check the naked mole rats , those crazy freak beasts seem to be able to do anything .
tedx is independently organized
gauging the responses to this comment and my own feelings , nope , the rest of us think he 's totally hot .
you definitely can ... the word philosophy is trademarked by a soap shampoo company
he learned it from socrates .
the guy reading it sounds like hes 3 generous glasses of wine into a carafe
it 's so polluted that all our fish have aids .
looking at cleavage is like looking at the sun . you do n't stare at it , it 's too risky . you get a sense of it then you look away .
it 's pretty commonly used on containers for drinks in europe . ml is unnecessarily precise when the measurement is always a minimum of a couple hundred .
hummingbirds , the ultimate killers
__url__
the slow dark creep of death is coming to consume us all
the planet jordon ?
some people just want to rid the world of jews , other wants to create centers for abandoned animals . whats the difference ?
that first picture looks nothing like the great pyramid , makes me wonder how much of the others are overly glorified
go watch 12 monkeys first
oh those mongols , always finding ways to get in my city wall .
clearly , someone was watching them .
that is the s best wall i have ever seen ! :)
congratulations ! you made me snort laugh
the concessions stand sold beans and schnitzengruben .
that 's because the closer she got to ' god ' the quicker she realized he looked more like satan .
think of all the african children who could have drank that water but no his entire face was apparently thirsty .
it can work how many time you want when you control the medias and the internet .
and people die ...
for enforcing a law ?
gasp
i never separate thousands , so i 'm immune
or in movie terms , judaism was the original , christianity was the feel good sequel , and islam was the gritty reboot . mormonism is fan fiction .
just found this channel about 3 days ago . binge watched every episode . it 's great haha . even the topics where i think " i am not really interested in this " based on the title ends up hilarious .
worse , fez is also the voice of " handy manny "
man i had to do a presentation on throbbing gristle for uni a few years back . it was a bit disturbing .
get the extinguisher ayy
vitiligo gang we out here
damn , atleast try to understand why he scores in more friendlies before discrediting his record .
she did a lot of nasty shit .
do it to julia , that fucking cunt ! i just added that part after the comma , that was n't orwell .
not just america , but most of the countries that would take them
how about ass cmc ? o :)
16 i understand .
definitely ! maybe not in the sense that older people have friends , but my daughter gets very excited to see her cousins and loves playing with them . at this point , it 's more " playing beside each other , " but they still have a lot of fun .
mormons designed very rational cities and towns all the older city centers in utah are laid out and numbered the same way .
but you do n't just raise a fucked up child . mental illness is n't necessarily obvious to an observer in the same way that other illnesses are . people hide their problems and internalise , while maintaining the facade that everything is fine .
it made somebody a million bucks .
and tyrion had his nose cut off with an axe .
charles winchester bought a red and black flannel coat from af in some old mash episode .
possiblee
i 've been on the eagles waiting list for 12 years and i 'm still at 50,000 something .
yea , cuz andy dufrense was a great librarian .
we took porn to the moon ! i 've never been more proud of america .
most places i 've been to in the us do the same . i just do n't like it .
well it 's realistic at least , i do n't agree that the how it should be but the fact is that 's how the public reacts to anything nuclear and scary
ctrl h " sancho " " tyrion " all in a days work
for the information he did n't accept to suicide . he then allied himself with soviets and joined the " national committee for a free germany " against the nazis .
so were the engineers and scientists from peenemunde , including w . von braun , even tho their rockets had killed 100 ' s of people . sometime pragmatism and the large values of skills and knowledge overcome consequences .
i dare you to bring that up to his face . i heard he has no hesitation stabbing a bitch . or a random dude in direct proximity to said bitch .
i like to think it was at that moment the captain of the u boat realized it can move in 3 dimensions
i think she stole it from the national geographic tv series theme .
in soviet russia pizza orders you
tippett : i have to go now , my planet needs me .
i wonder if you go into the capitol and the portraits of past governors are mostly mugshots
people are dumb
yeah , recently their reputation get a bit darker regarding rape allegations as well .
i finally got a blu ray copy of true romance . strange that it 's so hard to find for such an awesome movie .
honestly i 'm just relieved they have some decent competition .
not just christians believe this .
there have been about 7 examples of " witches " being burned at the stake in england . ever . a lot of the time they went to a jury trial , and the jury found them not guilty . it 's more a continental thing .
wait , i 'm confused . you learned about k y , lube , or lube assisted sex masturbation ?
true story : many of the streets in jerusalem are named for us presidents but lincoln street is pronounce " linko lin " and if you pronounce it " correctly " native israelis will have no idea what you 're talking about .
and yet i often get downvoted for saying i boycott tom cruise movies because he 's still the face of it . i guess fun action movies trump all the insane shit they do .
are you more committed than me ?
teenagers scare the living shit out of me .
in some countries you do n't become president until after you have killed all the ex presidents .
__url__
similar thing happened to hawaii , except it was sugar companies and the us .
" how about we make every quantum particle travel backwards ? " " hey , that just might work ! " and so , infinity was born .
probably from the book
do you think he 's hat dancing in his grave ?
the french high command believed " elan " would carry their troops thru any adversity .
i 'd rather have the standard sliding window tbh
just curious , but did disney world have the same problem ?
that s exactly what it is . overwhelming with volume of bullshit as opposed to targeting a specific vulnerability in someone s argument .
that 's no moon .
nah he sounds like a savage dentist .
why did i choose to read this
love me some sondra locke . classic flick .
that 's known as the dilbert principle .
and always presume that the gun is loaded .
i wonder how they could have possibly captured such a mass of muscle with the technology they had back then
" obi wan kenobi in the original star wars trilogy " ... it took way too long to find that so i 'll save other ignorant people like myself the trouble .
and he s been eating shit for it for 25 years .
or bubble wrap . even duct tape and pool noodles work too .
proof he never read children of men and kingsmen scripts
now this is suicide !
what about zoidberg !
its so strange to see bigots only choose one thing to hate .
is this something you actually believe ? ( serious question )
i thought he threw them into the sun , but i could be wrong .
for those who can n't read it : pffff . look at moneybags over here , with his fancy expensive vowels .
not that i read the article , but why did that happen ?
" is n't particularly evil "
the chinese had an equivalent of dioganese the shit poster . i do n't recall his name .
he also had a phone in his castle that connected only to his parents castle less than a mile away lol . i just visited those castles a few months ago , they were ridiculously lavish .
100 seems like an awfully huge number of money you can spend with someone else 's card without their approval by just tapping the contactless card .
a very appropriate first video
and like many cults and religions , the most ardent followers of star trek have committed themselves to a life of celibacy .
that 's actually a good deal
my brother plays guitar pretty well too . whenever he auditions for a band , if they have sheet music they are shocked when he can play it right , first time . apparently very rare ...
here 's a video of a dolphin fucking a dead fish .
it 's not bad , but caine would pronounce ' last ' more like ' larst '
a swastika the size of manhattan !
turbolytes !
if you peak in high school is that premature peter ?
__url__
hey girl ... sound of human body collapsing .
enlightenment . czech .
nothing says " speed " better than being on a slow moving boat
yea , ss is going to risk an international incident right next to the white house because ' ewww , he 's naked . ' how is that plausible to anyone ? smh
might happen in percy jackson
no sir , away ! a papaya war is on !
much worse than mandingo psychosis
so .. ' hell on wheels ' went light .
the best language
not quite . inter had diego forlan and wesley sneijder in 2011 12 at the same time . both of them were top scorers with 5 goals each in the the 2010 world cup .
her record company
one million ? that 's just peanuts .
i usually masturbate an average up to 10 times a day .
for anyone not aware , here is what this comment chain is referencing : __url__ highly recommend . it 's very good and funny .
fire the " laser "
who would want a frog pig monkey as a pet ? leave the weird animal alone people .
i mean , i was in my 6th year of college at the same time . change pennsylvania avenue to california , cab to bike , and leader of one of the most powerful countries in the world to 2.6 gpa it sounds like a thursday night .
he played with frankie valley did n't he ?
in most countries in the west surely but not in america ? we vaccinate chickens in the uk
gotcha . do n't get beer in oklahoma .
the thing about jobs is look how much he gambled and came out on top in so much of his building his business . he constantly bucked against the establishment and proved them wrong , why wouldn t he think he could do it with his health ?
he 's not a great actor in the same way as jake gyllenhaal , who can kill any role , but he 's a great actor in the sense that he makes movies better . wilson can really only play one character , but be does it well
thanks for reminding me about this
mj was a jehova 's witness . creative genius and one of the greatest philanthropists of all time , but it 's not like he was n't a little ... different .
beethoven 's 9th symphony came out 193 years ago , there are kids in high school now who were n't even alive back then . feel old yet ?
never trust a fart .
ooooh , he went swimming at sea . that makes sense now .
my dog used to laugh all the time . he was a springer and had long ears so we used to play a game called ' where 's matty ? ' where i covered his face with his ears and he 'd shake them off with a big smile on his face and get belly rubs ! :d i miss him more than anything
i was thinking more so of steve carell 's character in get smart .
also steve buscemi was a firefighter during 9 11
what ?
if there 's no r sound in japanese how come they can pronounce naruto , rukia , renji and senbonzakura ?
i masturbate by sticking my peepee into live naked ladies .
and jurassic park reaffirmed it !
could have been a different chemical . i 've had non lsd tabs before , it 's not hard to tell the difference if you 've had the real stuff ( depending on what the actual chem is ) . usually less interesting for sure .
on the wikipedia page it says 1 of the 2 of the official demonyms is , " dominican . " really ? that 's exactly the same , at least written , as dominican republic .
meanwhile constantinople is like : " really guys ? ... you two have a love affair while i 'm dealing with a mousquito invasion for centuries now .. "
what does vehicle mean when used this way ?
was he able to solve his new puzzle ?
boobra streisand
wasn t there a case of a guy who ate microwave pppcorn multiple times a day who ended up getting sick ?
also turned out to be a highly effective leprosy medication , did n't it ?
barring that late phase where they tried to do contemporary humor , it holds up incredibly well .
vincent bugliosi also maintained that there is no free will in the bible
i like hammocks . until someone traps you in and spins you around .
stupid
lol this made me laugh , i needed that
quick correction that should read yarn winder .
20 years later when elon rules mars i 'm sorry , but you 'll have to stay stuck on earth who 's laughing now terry , who 's laughing now ? ! ! hahahahaha
my grandpa was a canadian working in alaska in the oil rigs and got his draft notice , i think it s because he had a green card or something . so he just moved back to canada cause he didn t believe in the war .
traditional buddhists do n't even believe in reincarnation .
how about you , asshole .
i still do n't understand why this shit is not officially recognized as a domestic terrorist organizations or a dangerous sect .
should note decriminalization is not the same as not enforcing the law , which happens at various rates .
my first thought as well . meat is n't biologically necessary for humans to consume , and it 's damaging to the environment , so it 's kinda hypocritical .
alcohol is not a solution , it is a solvent . booze is a solution .
and yet i 'm still surprised and disappointed every time he 's killed off .
why not go for the good old skull and crossbones ? i think it sends a clear message .
wait , there 's insurance for if your children go on a homicidal rampage ? til indeed ...
to me , cheers is the best final episode ever , it tied up all the loose ends while having great callbacks to even little things from its first season .
as an insurance adjuster , i suggest everyone should just stay home locked in a dark room with the blinds closed
thank you for actually answering the question . cringing at people saying " the ' x ' lol xd , arent i funny guise ? "
i do n't need to think i just do
r furry irl
as a man who frequents the zilwaukee bridge , i cant believe i never knew it was in northern michigan
as much as i do n't like david davis it seems to me that he 's a more competent and potentially unifying figure than bloody boris . then again i do n't hold any brexiteer in particularly high regard . hammond would therefore be my choice if i were a tory but then i have a soul .
ah those sea men
nails
facepalm how did i miss that ?
safely buying lsd is truly the most dangerous and unpleasant aspect of it . can you imagine if it were legal and regulated ?
they never said this was all at the same time .
7 ? that 's just crazy . it 's more remarkable that ronaldo and messi have 4 and 5 each because they basically have to share this era . if messi did n't exist , ronaldo would have 9 ( 10 after this year ) and vice versa for messi .
yes , and your mother is my investment manager .
do n't worry , it will n't be worth wasting time or money on anyway .
i would n't say they made a mistake . he was supposedly very smart and good in his field .
d . e . n . n . i . s 'd
in my native language the book 's translated name is " a circumnavigation beneath the sea . " they probably didnt go in a straight line .
this explains that .
" hey hey hey , y you ever been dragged down the street and beaten until you pissed ! blood ! ? "
the : average student scholarship aka , the a . s . s . award .
could you provide a link ? i cannot find it .
the same way the golden age superman , silver age superman , and modern age superman are all the same character ... except for those times that they meet and fight each other ...
it never bother me as a kid , but as an adult i have had some strange and terrifying dreams that have the simpson 's halloween stuff in them . it makes no sense . lol .
because if you 're homeless in america , why not move to the best climate , naturally and politically ?
faith restored .
well .. i keep trying to collect donald duck in every country i visit . did not expect it to bee so hard . usa was almost hardest .
it 's not a particularly proud part of our history . then again , traveling the 100 or so km from where i live to those regions is like traveling back in time at least sixty years ...
no it was n't
on the bright side they are coming back . both domesticated and wild herds now exist and are protected . the henry mountain herd is genetically pure ( no cattle genes ) and being used help populate other new herds .
just outlaw religion in general and i bet we 'd see a lot of improvements
fuck that shit . it 's especially useless in engineering because we usually integrate over a part of a curve ( i . e . from a lower to an upper limit ) , so the c almost always goes away anyway .
hidden figures
weknow.jpg
of all the actors i wish would run for president , i would quit my job and campaign with him . bartlet 20 20 !
starting to think your blood alchohol is over 1 percent . " how long would can you be above "
religiouscontributions
i 'm giving upvotes to everyone before the kanye fanatics inevitable show up and downvote the shit out of everyone .
is the eel ok afterwards ? just wondering .
i doubt it . i never thought it was funny when i was younger , now i actively loathe it and how much undeserved praise it gets .
you must cringe a lot on a daily basis . feelsbadman .
what do the unabomber and a girl from mississippi have in common ?
new yankee workshop ( sister show ? spinoff ? ) was one of the most relaxing craft shows .
what a miserable lifestyle
r nevertellmetheodds ?
quirky tax write off ?
i believe the proper translation says rad , " the love of money is totally rad . "
ivan if you just domed your son with a scepter ?
yup . it 's like i tell people never to buy a bread maker new . every thrift store is full of them . in a few years thrift shops will be full of sous vide machines .
sean connery is another one . he 's taken some atrocious fucking roles without a scratch .
did he then said , " ... and you better get this party started "
hanged , dear . criminals are not tapestries .
i think you misunderstood the comment .
they packed fudge instead . trey and matt could still sue on behalf of tom cruise .
weird , we were just talking about this at the bar .
" you 're a mean drunk , superman . "
tom waits , also a now sober former alcoholic .
rip , she was one of most interesting people i had ever heard about
but it would be digital , like holographic funds . it would be a holo cost
it was about the french , not the chinese
28000 in 1995 should be 30000 by now would still waste it on videogames 10 10
first video is not available .
if we don t learn from history channel we are doomed to repeat history channel .
the hell with the cops . the reanimated corpse of sean bean is after us . it 's like that slug , but with legs .
would just warning everyone prevent deaths ? is n't the story more about fire safety and the necessity of smoke detectors and fire extinguishers in public areas ?
the img 1 anchor in the url causes the main image to take up the entire browser viewport .
why are you tagged as 65 ?
honestly , i feel like most people are gamers these days !
when the story of how a band got their name is more interesting than any of the music they 've produced
damn it , can ricciardo win this one pls
should crosspost to natureislit . what a badass bird .
i think it 's because thousand thousand
i wish they would promoete me , i would n't mind 4 times my salary with less accountability
the painter of shyte ! though he did start out legit with a gallery in cape may nj .. then he found easy money on hsn and qvc
galveston was also in the running as the capital city of texas . wiki does n't have that though ...
me too . always .
the problem that many cultures everywhere historically nowadays have had is not with the dicking , but with the sissy ing . in rome fucking a dude in the ass was considered all right as it asserted masculinity . getting one up your hole was gay , however .
that was back when you could punch a beggar who got a little too close and not have to pay a multi million dollar settlement for it .
those are n't italian spaghetti trees but swiss ones . i know because i once saw a bbc documentary on the swiss spaghetti harvest .
jesus h christmas . the first time i read that , i thought it said they fucked for 13 hours . talk about a freudian slip .
my actual source was not the wiki link but the book ' the silk roads ' by peter frankopan .
also interesting to think that hulk hogan was originally supposed to be the one to endorse it .
have you ever had to deal with our women ?
that title makes no goddamn sense
editing those . ini files and sending a copy to a friend led to some interesting multiplayer skirmishes !
as someone who has done lsd , i 'm not going to go into some long winded spiel encouraging people to try it . all i 'm going to say is calling the experience profound is n't the right word to describe it . it 's just the best word we have available to us .
so wait i missed when we started calling him nick .
i remember when an entire os fit on a cd .
the weaponized version ( thunderclap ) was to be directed at the germans . it was never used .
llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantisiliogogogogogogogogoch
what 's also interesting is that the only artist to sell more than 20 million albums in the last 12 years is adele ... which she did twice .
eek barba dirkle
you can n't over die . you can n't over dry .
i do n't get why people had such an issue with clippy ! i always changed him to a cat and he 'd just curl up on my screen and nap . it was calming ...
in the netherlands the nazis changed the traffic rules so all those pesky bikes no longer had right of way . this was only changed back to the original rules in 2001 .
still more standing room than the bar i drink it in .
i can sell it for cheaper .
zinger !
you finally fathomed it out .
the picture of dorian gray is a hard slog .
or wireless electricity .
head phones with the save !
lucky you . a raccoon fucked my wife .
yeah thankfully the 2 new narrows are big and strong
he is doing amber heard is n't he ? that 's already way beyond the top post of r prorevenge
so what is the eponymous equation ?
hey , " sex sells "
grandfather makes all kinds of wine . dandelion is pretty good .
name checks out . get this man whatever reward you get for doing art . perhaps a high five
i love seinfeld but i really wish it did n't have a laugh track . i still enjoy rewatching it but if i had n't seen them before not having a laugh track was popular i would struggle to get into them .
i know you know but you dont know what i know !
unfortunately there was an abc reporter in the emergency room when lennon was brought in , he broke the story .
good ol hanoi jane .
hold my wine .
a lot of people really do n't recognize that slavery was only one part of the war , there were a lot of things that went into the confederates ' cause for rebellion .
trevor horn who was in the duo buggles , later produced frankie goes to hollywood , grace jones and seal among others .
germany ? they seem so civilized
i love a nice set of titles .
i can produce electricity bzzzt
people still did n't find out you can stop notifications ?
because of that , ' race ' is in most many countries only considered as a construct not as a real thing .
we should start a long toe club really
so john malkovich went back in time to make a recording that people could n't listen to for 100 ( ) years ?
this is typically news to americans ( usa not eum ) who hold the widespread misunderstanding that cinco de mayo is equivalent to the fourth of july .
i feel required to use it .
" student athetes "
yea , ravens are intelligent as fuck . my grandpa once ' tamed ' a raven and learned it some tricks . every morning he would call his raven buddy and the raven would show up rapping , tapping at his chamber door . seize your opportunities .
the name is a giveaway . caillou means pebble in french .
hebe is the goddess of childbirth ( or marriage ? ) in greek mythology , so ... she married heracles .
before you ask who . i give you steve 1989 he literally ate a civil war biscuit .
freedom is the only way , yeah !
i 'm just going to post this here . pro tip : if you 're sensitive , do n't read past page 3 , and especially do n't continue past page 4 . there are ... uhm ... photos .
if i understood reddit gold at all , i 'd give you some . know it 's happening in my heart .
their experienced pilots were shot to shit over the marianas .
you can n't look at the front , but here 's a 3d rendering and a geotag for ya .
or just a guy who s really good at throwing them ?
how about integrating x 2 between 2 and 8 ?
never go full ' daniel day lewis ' .
which leads us here ... __url__
i never realized how easy of a mistake that could be for an illiterate .
what are some other repetition of events that you can give us ?
that is a amazing song
i think it was george carlin who said " it 's a good think the telephone was n't invented by alexander graham siren because then your phone would n't ring , it would go off . "
i took dance lessons with a little girl whose mom did . tough life .
i 'm just going to assume he did the hermit juggling , rock throwing , and tank re decorating all at the same time because he has eight legs .
costco is the fastest though . those chip readers are nearly instant if it is a credit card .
house md !
this is brilliant . hepburn has made some brilliant films , but this along with sabrina and breakfast at tiffany 's have to be some of my favourites .
probably smallpox .
he s not your guy , dude .
so they sent him to the new world and a bunch of indians started dying .
my dog is the worst . he bullies me , disembowels any soft toy we get him . his only goal in life is to cause chaos . he 's cute tho .
i like the concept , but i am fundamentally against using capital letters in file names ( and the visual catastrophe that is camel case ) .
sooooo another 4 months then ?
similar but army of darkness for me
and he was referring to the chinese crackdown on tienanmen square in 1989 .
what about the rock ? definitely better than face off .
i always heard it was because of the shape two human hearts made when put together .
__url__ there 's actually documentation of his process .
picture is from dolly parton 's album she released a cover of it on it ( also on said album 9 to 5 )
aw man at first i thought you were talking about stephen colbert jokingly saying he 'd run for office and backing down . :( reality sucks .
deus hic vult !
try to name one superpower at any time in history that was n't built using slave labor .
__url__
humans did do this : see ancient rome
are the other 6 cases held by russia ?
these guys are amazing musicians and song writers . respect . maybe not your cup of tea , but influential beyond words , and talented as covfefe .
new look for post malone ?
i 'll go with the scientists on this one .
and its stereoisomer , levomorphan , is a potent opioid . pretty interesting molecule .
pretty sure it 's been done
honestly though , i do n't wanna live on mars . earth is so much more beautiful , for the foreseeable future anyway .
well you can n't say he was n't in the right to fear cars
i do n't think there are any residences down there . also , lots of gay dudes fucking in the bathrooms .
son of a bitch
i thought the badgers spoke normally , and it was the moles with all the oi inflections ? conveniently enough the holiday still has me at my parents ' house with all my ild redwall books ...
so you had it figured out before this eh ?
there it is .
many companies did . we live in a capitalistic world . henry for was all up in that shit .
god damn kv 1s in wot
when slash does some thing he commits 100 .
gaius and aulus sound like righteous bros .
yeah , but who was the father ? how badass do you have to be to fuck a pope ?
well , if you moved someone else 's hand on your dick , and started jerking yourself with it , is that a handjob or are you beating your meat ?
did n't president wilson show a film made by the kkk at the white house .
when i was in the usn , i knew a guy with the rank of seaman whose last name was seaman . seaman seaman .
anakin was also miraculously conceived having no father . most think his father is actually palpatine using his sith powers to induce pregnancy .
less than one . back then a pound was 240 pence , and even the penny had half pence . so a pound could be considered made up of 480 sub units . only rich people really dealt in actual pounds .
i do n't know about where you live . but christmas season definitely starts to slowly set in at least 35 days before christmas where i live . and then sometimes a few days after .
do n't forget talking like a demon .
shame it was shite .
i think it 's much more humane to put an unadoptable animal to sleep rather than have it live out its days in a shelter
no lawyer would say that .
three guesses how we instantly know this is a russian troll commenter .
but not by walking on them .
no
10 in the morning and i 've already had enough reddit for the day
only the government is allowed to run a ponzi scheme .
everyone knows tupac is chilling on the fake moonlanding set with hitler and walt disney
my ex wife hired a lawyer that used a hotmail email for all correspondence including legal docs ... which made me immediately judge her competence and abilities . my judgment was very correct .
it 's always curious to me as to why people like that do n't at least apply for a patent pending applicat before they publish their work .
i find that hard to believe .
it 's perfectly legal to own a gun in the uk , as long as it 's appropriately licensed . now those licenses are pretty hard to justify and are very rigidly enforced , but nevertheless it 's not as difficult to get a gun here as people in the us seem to think .
should have attached it to a fixed object and had the horses all pull the same direction
wo ist mein handy , ich hab mein handy verloren ! oh !
cry me a river . maybe for all his supposed genius , tesla should 've studied a business textbook or two .
i 've been a vegetarian for 40 years and i can verify it works . i get laid almost every night and hardly ever have to masturbate .
is that old english ? it looks just like the latin i do in school
thank god .
while i think the above comment is in poor taste , i have to ask he was gay , and he got aids from a blood transfusion ? damn !
the war of 1864 was especially known for that .
he did n't command a submarine . he commanded a submarine hunter . are people too fucking stupid to actually read the articles they link ?
my mom has an live account she still uses and i had one a while back , too . i have a hotmail and outlook account as well . had no clue they were considered " old " or " uncool " or whatever . i 'm only 20 .
do you think the secret service were shadowing him but not interfering the whole time ?
well , are you impish or admirable ?
fact
but the legacy is one of stupidity , no one will remember that you won , just that you died because you decided to go hand to hand against a grizzly .
i think elliott gould is the thumbnail for the wiki article .
the same with puffins
you do know that the nazis actually substantially decreased gun control after they took power , right ? almost as if some random rednecks with guns dont matter if you have an actual military behind you and want to install a dictatorship .
do you think so ? i guess i better not show you where the lemonade is made ... sweet lemonade
now they are used as clothes hangers
regret if i die losing , but no regret if i indeed win but later die of my wounds .
i immediately thought of this and looked for someone posting the link . well done .
no soup for you !
tell that to the guys in guantanamo for the last 15 years . shit we have extrajudicially killed our own americans abroad in the name of terrorism .
the technique was developed almost 6,000 years ago during a debate between a caveman and a brontosaurus .
i run an anime club as part of my job for a middle school and i showed them samurai pizza cats once . they all hated it . too meta . they did n't know what meta meant but they kept complaining that the characters were talking about their own show too much . i was disappoint .
blazing saddles is forever ruined for me because of the use of nevermind that shit here comes mongo in botchamania
maybe they have n't seen it before . __url__
if only gwyneth paltrow stickers were available
there 's a series where something like this happens , where aliens have been stealing all of our music , and in a lawsuit , earth becomes rich on a galactic scale . i can n't remember much more than that , except that things escalate rather fast .
all though my case is a extreme minority . where i live i can cut through a military base and shave off a couple of minutes while my friends have to go around
you forgot to mention the us government helped .
he 's a lyrical genius
it 's like the first dead baby joke .
hmm i must have some tough skin because i have jerked it using dish soap and no pain or drying of skin or anything so . . . yeah shampoo is nothing compared to that .
i 'm assuming these are those archaic non enforced laws . like it 's punishable by jail to throw peanut shells on a sidewalk in my town
the real shot heard round the world .
the kicker is that pinochet enjoyed a higher approval rating than allende when all was said and done lol
nature , sometimes you are the ape , sometimes you are the frog .
stuff and things man ... stuuuuff n things
anyone that 's fired a rifle can tell the difference between firing a blank and firing a real round . the real round has so much more force and kickback .
commas are typed like so : shit , title .
yeah without computers they had more time to learn crafts
if anyone would like to learn more about ravensbruck an excellent book was written about the camp : ravensbruck : life and death in hitler 's concentration camp for women by sarah helm .
huh ... maybe we could learn from the past and use it to influence our decisions in the present ?
that was a great documentary
george convinced me to never ask for ice in my drinks .
not one has passed a licensing exam thus far , but they keep trying .
puts on best richard lewis voice good change ! that 's a good change !
to be fair he did live like 6 or 7 years after his whipple transplant .
so does this mean i am a walking tax exemption ?
he wanted to drink it . so why would pepsi figure in the mix ?
do teams even have captains in nba ?
show me new zealand on a map .
" spida mahn , you really oct to stay out of my way ! hyahh hyahh hyahh !
! 43 . how strong were the pints ? does it matter ? 43 . my blader hurts thinking about that much liquid . 43 !
piss on them instead
fun fact : there is also an actual electric catfish . not as impressive as the eel tho .
i know this is r math , but i can n't understand any of this as a casual observer . is there a way to explain this in laymen 's terms
i recall reading that drugs were a large influence as well . edit : found the diary entry . tl d r a soldier high on heroin committed suicide and fragged those around him .
ceo : " damn i knew it was a bad idea to open up renaming the company to a public vote for pr "
cut to 2010 and activision literally frog marching the heads of infinity ward out of the building because they dared to ask for royalties for modern warfare 2
lol i 'm canadian and this is absolutely not a thing . even if it might be in a law somewhere in canada this is clearly never enforced or even talked about
and also helps the assassins against the templars
u emperorcaracalla is now a mod of r prorevenge
did n't mean to misspell " costanza " in the title . shit .
so we should start reporting that it turns you gay .
this escalated quickly .
that 's pretty ridiculous , they 'll just shoot your ass in the head
it 's pretty great it 's till going ! here 's where all of its raw images are posted : __url__
what happened ?
might be because some come with lil bit of booze .
compared to the continental armies in europe , that sounds quite small .
you should just say black rather than african american . i mean charlize theron is an african american oscar winner .
we had to fill out paperwork with the school as well as get a dr 's note to get them to offer something other than milk . our child is lactose intolerant and gets a very upset stomach when he drinks it . fuckin ' bullshit .
usually some amount of coverage for negligent acts . never for intentional torts .
the gods must be crazy ... afghanistan edition .
un armed combat ? i thought the constitution gave bears a right to arms .
the dog from old yeller died too .
" it is sometimes referred to as a sword or club , but it lacks a true european equivalent , perhaps it is best described as a baton with a cutting edge . " someone please correct that run on sentence on wikipedia .
she really got into the role , good for her !
where 's this guy 's fucking movie ?
shenmue for dreamcast is still the most mind blowing game i 've ever played considering the time period
they should install the sound of tho half coconuts hitting each other when the car drives beneath a certain speed . that would make everyone aware ! cataclop cataclop
sega does what nintendo n't etc ...
we 're gonna need a citation for that .
1 person vote counts as much as 7 dog votes . this is the voter fraud he must have been talking about .
i kinda want one now .
truth . my good friends dad owns a masonry business . the amount of tools i would never use again it took to build a short sidewalk made him completely worth it .
he 's talking about simple carbs , more specifically . not carbs in general .
it 's strange . i love baby kittens , birds , deer , horses cows etc . but i always get such a strange primal urge to kill rodents . i do not like them and they freak me out . i hate rats and mice and get the broom the second i see them . i even hate killin spiders .
people still blaming music , even today ...
and sweden to merge with denmark and norway to form sweden !
of course . there was n't any mississippi then .
did they drive blacked out honda ej1s with green neon ?
explains why it 's so shitty . reminds me of a mitch hedberg joke , " i taught myself how to play guitar , which was a bad decision because i did n't know how to play it , so i was a shitty teacher . "
i 'm shocked . shocked , i tell you .
wheres the god damn fire ? !
damn thats cold .
i love reddit . just when you 're feeling low , you will always find someone more stupid than you . thanks for making me feel better buddy
how much do you pay and who do you go through if you dont mind me asking ?
how do you knot get it ?
dan carlin does a great podcast series called history on fire , and in episode 56 he goes into great detail about eunus and the the surrounding areas at that time for anyone interested .
awh shit they put the magic water on him now i have to let them in ..
so this is how liberty dies with thunderous applause
it 's not gay if you 're under way .
in no . 4 the suits remind me of admiral ackbar .
yes it is . i e heard it a million times here .
holy fucking shit post it again
tapatio is the hot sauce mexicans in texas use . that and valentina .
my step sister is 50 , i 'm 27 , this thought had n't crossed my mind . now i 'm kinda sad . internet hug !
duterte
oh , i 'm glad i clicked that . i assumed it was going to be a stupid leather and or latex " sexy " cosplay . she actually looks like poochyena which is interesting .
i knew they were the same thing , but thought it was the opposite , that epinephrine was the name for synthetic adrenaline .
is that the lithgow season ?
matar in hindi means peas ... mata means mother ... mat means defeat ...
to which the bbc posted a public apology .
as pointed out , 2 shot suicides are fairly common . people often miss the first time , just enough .
fao commanding officer , uss texas omg h4xx0r signed oberkommando claus schmidt
atleast he 's in the extra content
" and then we 'll cover him in salt and a goat will lick him . " " will that actually kill him ? " " meh . sometimes . "
second floor basement ? !
everyone should read this : __url__
natty
his wife , who died the same day as his mother ( valentines day ? ) called him teddy after that no one else
what ? ? ? okaaaayyy ! ! !
you would think there would be eyes from america and the soviet union on him .
i wish that amount got me shitfaced with whiskey , sadly it does n't anymore .
has anyone tried rabbit meat ? how does it taste and is it easy to cook with ? if it was the apocalypse , i d move to that one japanese island full of rabbits and probably get fat
evil is very good at filing . i mean , look at the auditors .
not hotmail but mine was first initial middle initial rook comcast
muchas lenguas ! mmmm
that title is super confusing for someone who does n't know that mgmt is a band and " kids " is a song .
get real it was all about anti dentites
nixon must have felt quite silly figuring that out , and felt must have been sooo smug .
i believe it was already recently stated that this was not going to happen because they " lost " the records .
have 1080 ti . can confirm . women literally throw their panties at me all the time .
there 's a quote somewhere out there , i cant remember which marine general said it , but it was along the lines of " the best marines are smart , they say i 'm gonna get out and make a million bucks . then they do . "
underarock , usa
live by the fruit . die by the fruit .
one of our ( not exactly legal ) taxi drivers was a government engineer . he made more driving that cab than he did at his legit job .
wow . youtube even gave me 5 seconds to change my mind , and i still clicked " skip ad " i 'm no very bright
like this ... __url__
dumb nazis , they should have made the tanks with a random number and not in order of production .
i paid thousands of dollars to go shovel dirt one summer as an archaeologist .
hope they turn it into a giant park one day !
my grandpa served on the o'bannon ! he was diagnosed with alzheimer 's when i was very young , so i never got to hear the tale . but my dad says he used to tell the potato story all the time .
andy was smart
troy piqua , but nicer . and with a chipotle to boot !
and of course they do n't live in north america , so i can n't even use it !
you learned that today ? ! he mentions it multiple times throughout the shows run .
the halle berry movie had this scene
whatever , alien . that 'll be three of your earth dollars .
george bush snr had a very close relationship with the saudis and the bin ladens
i like to imagine him showing this to the rest of the founding fathers and they all take turns sitting in it , spinning , and yelling weeeeee ! ! !
he no doubt would have also seen that the gap between the wealth and poor would grow or remain the same thus leading to a society in conflict , with itself .
before superman , comic book hero 's were n't taken serious by studios . compare the adam west batman series to the 1978 superman . superman ( 1978 ) proved that big budget high high value production superhero movies could make loads money and be nominated for academy awards .
tinyblackd 1cks
i think you 're just weird . have an upvote .
no silly . they had good old fashion sexism .
i 'm unsure whether i want to upvote you or go puke
they will become a black hole .
i 'm pretty sure this place is just some windmill generated guy fieri meme ,
the word casual is really throwing me off in this title .
is n't that just another way to say banker .
sheeet .
my guess is some phony god 's blessing . only us omnivores are enlightened by our own intelligence .
i hope you did n't put the " s " after
recommend stepping up your time machine game . once the kid comes you may not want to go back but maybe you can skip some of the more ... annoying moments .
75,000 , and no mars comment . __url__
easiest you can get your hands on and is pretty safe is n2o .
human sacrifice , dogs and cats living together ... mass hysteria !
kree !
they did become christians before the brits did though
on a side note , haunted is one of the most disturbing pieces of literature ever written .
that 's a great idea , considering green apple is terrible .
like ice cream
" watch me ! ! ! fuck ! ! ! your girlfriend ! ! !
top banter from channel four . giving the cunt a taste of his own medicine . __url__
this is the best comment here
the romans had their shit together .
some of those payouts came from manes ' and duran 's parent 's policies . manes and duran were both over 18 .
my personal favorite album
awwww jeez rick , the last time we tried to mate someone for life it turned out ... chronenbergy
buffalo bills wild west show is all around bizarre and fascinating .
" mama had baby and his head popped off . "
elvis grbac would be a great choice to play peyton manning in the peyton manning story . he 'd have to tone down his raw sexuality a bit but i bet he 's got the acting chops to pull it off . an all around great guy with talent coming out the ass from what i have heard .
the well incident was actually from 1987 , not 1993 .
hospitals still do it .
i learned this in high school and am an american .
question : was this ever a thing on apollo or gemini ?
is n't this the premise for the bhagavad gita ?
woah ... space babes ! i never thought of that ! think of all the holes !
he 's just generally confusing to people , and some people do n't like that . i mean , i think he 's fantastic . i think it 's the reason he 's fantastic . i do n't think he 's ruined his career at all , how could he ? nobody plays nick cage better than he does .
litigation is a weapon more powerful than bombs . or pop music , that shit 's pretty strong too .
6 weeks to remove enough heat so the magnet will perform , wow .
buh gok
you do you , buddy
fuck i forgot about that terrible game
fuck you you 'll watch it
how could you use sand ? i hate sand . it 's course and irritating .
kurten was a wizard confirmed .
it might have worked .
you don t think they interviewed the eagle that murdered him ?
this is why rich people have a butler .
after reading the wiki i decided to see what videos there are on the battle . this one gave a pretty good overview of the battle .
please tell me that is n't a thing ...
i really thought all high school aged english speakers knew this sort of basic history .
spoiler tags are broken
god will be played by james mason .
oh god , leadership by attrition was terrible on my ship . then again , its always fun watching mm3 " ive been in the navy for 2.5 years " yelling at mmc shit for brains because they were about to do something absolutely idiodic
when did he compare himself to gandhi ?
nor australians
driving a newer car is awful when people are walking biking in front of you . you either honk and look like an inpatient asshole or tread behind pissing the drivers off behind you .
or the washington nationals in the playoffs credit agency
i gets excited about my foods , is all .
only when you start to resemble food . think on that for a moment .
pei is a major example of gerrymandering , federally .
hey man , whatever floats your boat .
how could you not know this ? they 've been in movies together .
rodney is a wonder , but is n't he considered the godfather of trick skating ? maybe i 'm wrong , but was n't there a style that we thought was all his own ? it was n't urban ( or suburban ) rampage , it was a straight finesse thing .
as a frenchman , it means the same in french ( " under and " while beneath " )
often , yes , but not always . more no kill shelters exist now . but it 's still hard , especially when you have a glut of pit bulls along with a massive stigma against them in the culture .
i think russia does n't even bother testing because if someone 's even remotely tipsy it 's already above 1
around here we call both 16oz cans tallboys and the 24oz cans tallboys , or master cylinders depending on who you ask .
another tradition broken : arsenal will not get beaten by bayern in the knockout round
earplugs could dash that finale of pleasure .
do they want to start a meme war ? because that 's how you start a meme war .
by judaism , the world is about 5000 years old christianity started being a thing 2000 years ago islam started being a thing about 1400 years ago so no , it 's not 6000 years
their brother valter is also an actor , he 's an even creepier looking version of bill .
explains why tengrists have such a low conversion threshold in ckii .
a friend died recently from a blood clot . 40yrs old , pescatarian , seemed healthy enough . then this out of nowhere scary shit .
he had a character literally made just for him and he can n't get the girl .
this post title is basically slander . completely false .
there was a thread on r sex yesterday about using microscope as form of contraception . that 's how .
r flashtv
" hey need a ride ? " " i 'm gonna die one day . " " uhh ok , still need a ride ? "
in the same way that broccoli is just an example of a vegetable , alcohol is also an example of a drug . if you still do n't get it reply to this comment with ' oh ok ' and another user will come along shortly to provide another explanation .
well duh , of course the second bridge stayed up fine , the stupid river had learned its lesson by then that s what the lashes were for ... :p
icedfire 98
that 's why you leave a mess before cleaning time , so you have something to do
i wonder when we 'll get rid of the legacy of that man . i guess he must go first for that to happen . and who knows when that 'll be .
if he keeps insisting for the diet , then you keep insisting " if alternative medicine worked it would just be called medicine " i wish you the best of luck with your father !
spent too many years convinced it was " i guess the rains down in africccaaaaa "
sorta unrelated but something that bothers me is that giant anteaters appear in one of the songs , but they are n't even native to africa
regardless which captain is your favorite , that would be a kickass way to wake up . ( full disclosure : both tos kirk and picard , although tbh i love all of them . the reboots never happened . )
if i learned anything about greek mythology , is that zeus could n't keep it in his pants .
__url__
hey op , shut up
i remember him as whiny but i did n't hate him . edit : a letter ( spelling )
what about exorcisms ?
750ml bottle . a handle is a 1.75 ml bottle . edit : 1.75 l it 's not 7am yet , i have n't had coffee
it beats being lazy .
also , steve buscemi was a volunteer astronaut during the armageddon asteroid .
what about the frog on the log ?
i 'd give almost anything to spend a day with him in his garage . i 'm not a big leno fan overall , but the guy knows the shit out of automotive history , and has probably the best collection of unique cars on earth .
2 bundles of dicks .
that would be around 1968 , the same year that regulations were introduced requiring hood ornaments to be " pedestrian safe " .
most of the states up north lack waffle houses . it 's really quite depressing .
anyone know the last simpson 's episode that actually featured a bart prank call to moe 's ? seems like ancient history now .
back in the late 90s , i was living in germany , and we became regulars at this little basement bar . they had a copy of the ' hobo ' version and played it at least once a weekend .
" we 've murdered far less people than other people ! " boom : moral superiority .
they may not have had a lot of homeless people , but they had tons of soylent greens
imperial system strikes back !
nearly all the stuff they say about each one is applicable on everyone else .
elon musk ? he seems pretty grounded in reality .
just because someone accomplished something , does n't mean they 're competent ? maybe ?
america 's reaction to a female nipple on national television , and america electing trump as their president , are probably the two biggest things that i may never wrap my head around .
it is rather amazing that she became popular because of colour television .
i do n't understand this . the word " bully " has always included physical violence as part of its definition . calling it bullying is n't sugarcoating it at all .
and then in between , the line : " and then the murders began . "
they actually did it , huh . well , hope whoever buys them is real confident in mining .
r yasuomains r fizzmains
it 's treason then .
monarch programming . what else would he do . job done .
nice
no it does n't it means hindu line as in hindus were n't found past here .
eh , it primarily connotes a kind of attitude ( chutzpah ) , in virtue of which it 's often coextensive with being energetic enthusiastic .
most mayors are appointed by the local council rather than election in the uk . lord mayors are appointed by letters patent from the sovereign .
i don t like her . but i respect the hell out of her . i would not vote for her for president though . for governor or senator ? sure . but no more amateurs in the white house , please .
i feel like whichever side the dog went to should have won
why do people always call it the gap ? is n't it just gap ? edit : turns out it used to be called the gap until the mid 80 ' s . til .
kill ' em with an icicle . easier than figuring out how to shoot ice bullets .
big if true
here 's a dramatic reenactment
does n't mean they like them
santos was modelled after obama when he was a senator .
i went to see superman iv in the theater with my dad . i was 11 . half way through , he looks at me and just says really loud , " this fucking sucks . " i nod , and we bug out . the theater laughed it 's ass off . it remains the only movie i 've ever walked out of .
so birds are dinosaurs ? edit : " birds evolved from dinosaurs with ' lizard hips ' " edit 2 : birds are dinosaurs !
invisible to radar , not people .
oobdoots for all !
any idea where it was ?
sheds a single tear ' murica
i mean the 2p machines in scarborough still do n't accept the new 10 pences , and we 've had them since 2008 , so i 'm not really holding out much hope for the new fivers and quids working any time soon .
steal a man 's window once , he cant see you steal it again .
some of the victims lived and were injured and may need the money for medical bills , rehab , etc .
semen would probably be even more effective .
maybe you can n't .
__url__
the russians use to use soldiers to clear them . they 'd be forced to walk with their arms linked in a row . i guess they figured better a person than a tank
i thought it was eviscerated ? they burned people 's organs in front of them , apparently . that was only 400 years ago , it 's mad . edit : apparently guy fawkes broke his neck on purpose while he was hanged . smart man .
i 'm hard pressed to think of a more american til that actually happened
ha ! my dad stopped watching the original toh when it became ' too commercial ' . every episode just became a highlight for some new heating element or insulation system . new yankee workshop was gospel in our house .
how stupid do you have to be to pull a gun on sean connery ? you know he 's gonna kick your ass .
it also prevents platelets from forming .
my favorite type of post .
home recording would have been an absolute benefit to the purposes of his program . had his motivations been profit , he would have sang a different tune , both for recording and in his tv show .
i mean . this is essentially what 's happening with daca here in us . many self reported and they could be totally screwed over as a result .
glaswegian
imagine if we could have a president like his character in west wing ...
it was years of confusion about the ' called it macaroni ' line until i found out that ' macaroni ' was old timey slang for a fashionable gent .
r cringe
our world would have many different names if that man had a reliable atlas and could spell , apparently .
always gotta ruin a good comment with shitty edits ... come on man
username checks out . user also checks out when thinking about societal norms .
i was alive for new coke . it was great . i 'd still drink it .
i remember reading about a hitman for the cartels who was interviewed saying that he had to kill a certain amount of people a week in order to keep the population scared and in control .
je suis marxiste , tendence groucho .
i read it as carrie bradshaw
he was n't being an ass . he did n't want plank to waste his time and talents on a field with only a handful of questions left . better go into bio or chem where a ton of unanswered questions were available .
to be fair , if you have ever pressed your genitals against a scanner ...
we forget how fucked up this situation was . my friend 's parents gets very nervous if they see any unattended bags anywhere because they remember the fear of all the ira bombings .
jack and jill , humpty dumpty , old lady in a shoe . they are all trying to tell kids not to fuck around . nursery rhymes have just lost their edge since kids do n't have to do half the things the tales are about . edit : and london bridge is terrifying .
also you could see a starbucks coffee cup in every picture in the pinto brochure .
they live their whole lives in water , yet they do n't have gills . they do n't seem very smart to me .
besides he even gives it back when asked . none of the other characters can trust themselves to do that .
that 's the way of the zulu . do n't make the world better , just make sure everyone around you has it as bad as you do ...
literally a good loop hole haha .
right on the money
it took me years to figure out pok mon pocket monsters . i feel your pain
i like to hit a ball into a hole . i do n't know why , it 's just fun to do . i 'd love to do this 17 more times !
__url__
i would have loved to have shared a hotdog with lenny briscoe
most us municipal shelters are kill shelters . if a stray is found by animal control it 's taken to the dog pound where it 's kept until the owner finds it , its adopted , rescued , or if none of the above happen , its destroyed .
did they have to apply in person ? i expect a smashed corpse burning somewhere in a field in normandy did n't care about the state of his timekeeping .
russia stronk
they really thought it would be dead in the water .
i 'm a vampire now . ama
yet you use " inch "
i had always assumed the aztecs and machu pichu were much more ancient
puke ... that 's a funny word .
my mom 's best friend 's family is from norway , and i live in louisiana . there 's actually a decent size norwegian community down here . i have no fucking idea why , though . i figured their ancestors who left norway would find something a little closer to it 's climate .
perfect opportunity for the classic midwest " bless their hearts "
well i have 99 woodcutting , so about 200 hours
is anyone else really scared to visit new york with all of this fighting going on ?
a hotmail account is still my primary . my other account is a live account
if you keep going east , technically everything is on the east of the mississippi river .
did n't need no welfare state , everybody pulled their weight g r l o salmon great
so the rich guys who would afford the better lawyer scammed someone out of money ? ..
you choke , then you go broke , then you become a joke .
i like the part that reveals they mainly talked about cricket . whenever i think about famous people hanging out , in future , i shall think they are talking about cricket .
good thing there 's a loophole in the rules !
or anything by cold chisel .
__url__
people are so stupid . the government may be ok now where you live ( ok , not in the usa ) but what if it changes ? what if you suddenly have an extremist government ? then they have all data of all people .
what possessed him to do that ?
or just found the opportunity to " switch " sides by using the common catch phrase " i didnt know " .
what 's with the arrowhead in the pic . it looks like its hand drawn .
i learned how to prepare a chicken at a young age . it made me like chicken even more than i did before .
this post is why i support funding for mental health services .
my head hurt as soon as i saw the picture of the label .
poor roselle died in 2011 i miss doggy
do you even vaccinate bro ?
i 'd recommend looking at a map sometime .
plus , he likes anime . hentai too .
even more shocking was the revelation that it was n't hers .
if you look into it , the plague also caused significant medical advancement due to many physicians dying , and the millennia old teachings of hippocrates being replaced by actual medical science . turns out our bodies do n't get sick because of an imbalance between the 4 humors .
yes . you are your fucking khakis .
same . my red line is hoas . i 'm not extremely picky with my realtor otherwise but i flat out will never consider buying into an hoa .
i hate iceland iceland .
the more you know . do n't hold your breath .
you mean like actually every bottled water ?