if this is true , i 'm guessing i did enough work to protect three other guys in addition to myself .
til a keyboard is so named because it is a board of keys .
you should n't need to be spoonfed . you should , especially after 20 years , be able to look at a chart and just play cold
bah dun tsssss
i 've ran into a few guys that hold the idea that a married man would masturbate is appalling . clearly that 's the wife 's job , whether she 's in the mood , or physically away when the urge occurs .
i 'm confused , did you kick him ? what 's up with the last photo ?
to be honest if it that 's long no matter what it 's virtually unbreakable .
thieves
phew . i 'm not alone in my bad memory .
it 's possible that her books about ribsy are what made me start loving dogs . i 'm excited to start reading them to my kids soon .
have you tried using a password manager like dashlane or lastpass ?
i raised a baby raccoon that showed up on my back patio one day . they really are an incredible species .
til raccoons could be actual bandits .
this is incredible . i 'm upset i have n't seen this video sooner ... even tho it 's been out for 3 days . but still . amazing . what fascinating creatures .
buncha goddamn fat cats
this comment should be 2x the parent karma . underrated comment of the year .
the camps had several houses , landing there was not cheap .
i 'm willing to bet they knew what they were doing .
is there actually any woman alive that warren beatty has dated ?
the fictional account of this depicted by neal stephenson in the baroque cycle is pretty well done , and fits in nicely with a compelling narrative .
for what ?
i learned this from a book called rascal by sterling north , read it when i was super young and never understood why people hated raccoons growing up , they 're super smart .
all i see is
til raccoons have a better memory than reddit users , me included .
kill 40 ? oooohhh we thought you said leave 40 . woops .
thought you just typed random shit until i read that lmao .
not really a big deal , 90 of rock guitar players can n't read music .
bill braskie ! ! helluva guy .
that 's nothing . one of those bastards hot wired my car and seduced my girlfriend .
wew , did it get really hot in here all of a sudden ?
he was a member , but the fact that he publicly renounced his previous allegiance , as well as voting in against what the klan stood for , would point to the direction that he has repented and wished to make amends .
sure , it worked evil laught
more of people 's sexiest athletes
you forgot disemboweled , that comes after emasculated .