__url__
god help me , i 'm old ...
this is true for fingerings , because there are so many different voicings for the same note . however , i can n't count the times it 's helped me with the rhythms and melody lines knowing how to count out the notes .
equation of crime and punishment was an integral part of his policy
r nofap
oy , you found yourself a billybumbler
my eyes immediately identified the word tits and i can n't untrain my brain to stop reading it that way . i be tits .
sly cooper . best example .
i once forgot my phone password , got locked out from too many wrong attempts and had to reset it . i put a new password in and forgot what it was not even two minutes later ...
she 's gonna be 101 on the 12th .
haha ! ! i do the same thing every single time google asks me that
poisonous or venomous ?
of course they can , they are thiefs ! they even look like thiefs
the only time i went to sydney one of these fuckers stole my sandwich .
i believe that was flatulence , sir .
it 's a deep burn !
foolish . this risks the care your pows are receiving and the information you can get on their status .
sticky icky jimsomweed
they totally fucked , and beatty was shagging everything that move d too , so he can stfu .
what exactly does " drawn and quartered " mean ?
correcthorsebatterystaple
there 's no water in the desert .
i tried this once and could n't remember how i phrased it and almost lost my yahoo account .
til raccoons are smarter than me .
count on the japanese to come out that much higher than the quota .
for those who can n't read it : pffff . look at moneybags over here , with his fancy expensive vowels .
my brother plays guitar pretty well too . whenever he auditions for a band , if they have sheet music they are shocked when he can play it right , first time . apparently very rare ...
what a miserable lifestyle
lucky you . a raccoon fucked my wife .
son of a bitch
did n't president wilson show a film made by the kkk at the white house .
tinyblackd 1cks
elvis grbac would be a great choice to play peyton manning in the peyton manning story . he 'd have to tone down his raw sexuality a bit but i bet he 's got the acting chops to pull it off . an all around great guy with talent coming out the ass from what i have heard .
i thought it was eviscerated ? they burned people 's organs in front of them , apparently . that was only 400 years ago , it 's mad . edit : apparently guy fawkes broke his neck on purpose while he was hanged . smart man .