" what 's taking so long in there ? " " just protecting my prostate , i 'll be out in a minute . "
today i learned that toilet paper is paper that can be flushed down a toilet .
i played piano from sheet music for 8 fucking years and i forgot completely how to read it . i play guitar quite a lot now and i mainly work from tabs and by hearing other people play . reading music is kind of irrelevant unless your instrument does n't work with tablature .
when their cases went up , he sent them down
right ? how would they even assemble a control group ?
what is happening , is he sneezing ?
i 've used thisisaverylongpasswordthatiwillnotforgetbecauseitiseasytoremember as a password before .
hey dats racist bro !
phew . i 'm not alone in my poor memory .
i loved her books as a kid . i grew up in portland , and it was always neat to find another landmark . ramona living on klickitat street . henry going down lombard street in a bathtub . i need to get to the library and check those books out again .
solution is obvious : get a pet raccoon . my plan is to get a raccoon side kick who is like the kick ass brotastic bro who broed this bro earth .
we also have bears ! fuck off australia and your lack of megafauna !
australia may have hundreds of unique species of poisonous everything , but the americas have the mighty raccoon . all hail the mighty trash panda !
at first i was very sure this was planet earth , halfway through i started thinking this is definitely just a parody and at the end i was n't sure .
shit man , vowels are 250 ! ! who has that kind of money ?
you know the old saying : " twenty bucks is twenty bucks ! "
the part of this story that i never understand is why did the nazis give a shit about the prisoners ? why would they allow this delivery in the first place ? they are n't exactly known for their humanitarian concerns .
the first day might have been an accident ...
because the did ... at least according to multiple people an hinted at by christie
female investigator : " isaac , you were right . it was a father and son team doing the counterfeits . " newton : " well , looks like the apple takes off sunglasses does n't fall far from the tree . "
a quote from someone i saw once on twitter " if youre not forgetting your password , your password isnt good enough . " i think 63 characters is pretty darn good .
this always makes me laugh __url__
that 's cool ! are your username , ssn , dob the same thing as well ? ?
sometimes i forget that i 'm wearing glasses and think i lost them .
he who controls the spice controls the universe
do n't be racist
i 'm the same way , except i do n't write or play music
i read pistone 's book and dont remember this , from the movie he was posing as an orphan , if the mob cant trace your lineage , they wont make you .
call me skeptical , but i find that annecdote hard to believe .
god dammit
this is one of those things that begs for context . in the 1920 ' s , when black was first entering politics , the kkk was at it 's peak . 15 of the entire population of the us was in the kkk . also , the clan at this point was more of a fraternal organization .
yeah fam . i did n't see anything .
that man 's last name is missing a vowel . any vowel .
then you 've got the fucking indians over there scalping folks .